>Crypton-1_NV	CryptonA	Nematostella vectensis
tattattataactttggcgagcattgtggcgtattatacgggctctaatgaacgttttggcgggctctaa
tatattaaagcccgctgctctaagccaatgagagggcgaggaaattgcagcgagccaatcagaaggaaga
aggaattcccgcaattcattcaaaccgctcgtcgcatcgcttgccgtgtttggttgtgttttgacaacta
caaataaacaaacaggaaaacatggctgaacacgactcacaatcttctgagctcgatgaagaggagctta
agaaatggaagaagattctgttcccaaaaatactaaaaaacaaacatcctgggcgatgaaaaagttcacc
gagtggtgcacgaagcgaagtgttgaatgtgattttcacagtatcagctcctcggatcttggaggcattt
tacgccgtttctatactgaagtcaaaacaaaagacaagaaggacctctcgccgagtgccctaacgggtat
cagggctgcaattcatcgcacaataaccagccagccatcgctcgtactataaatatcttaaaagacgccg
agtttctacaatcaaacaaaatgtttgaagtagtatgcaagtcctactacaagcgcggaaacccgaagcc
tgacacaaaagccccatagagcccggtgatatggacaaactcaggtcttacttcgatgtagactctccta
acaagctacaagaatttgtgtggtttaacctttgttattatttgggaagaagaggacgcgagggctggcg
tggactcaccaagacatctctcgagttcaaacacgatgaccttgaacaaaaatatgtgtgcatcaaacat
actgaacaatccaaaaactatcaaggtggctataaacaaaaagatcaagactatagcgatttgaggatgt
acggaataccaggctccccgttggatccaattgctgcattggaaaagatgctggagaaactccatcccga
gtgcgatgcattgtttcaaacaccactcgtgaacttcgacaagaagggcagttgctggtacaaaaatgag
cctctaggaaagaattccatctcaaagctaatgccaaaaatctcacaaaaggcggggctctctaaagtgt
acacggctcactctgtcagagctttaactattacaagtctccaccaggcaggggatgatgcgaagcaaat
ctgtgcgattacaaagcacaacaatgagcaaagcttgtcgtcctacatcaaggacagttccagctcacag
aaacgtgcatgttcagggattctcatccgtccttttgtttctagtgaaatcattgaaatggagaacagta
atgattgcaaacaaggcagtttatctagggcaggcggggaaatgaatgtaagttttttatcctcgaccga
aactaatacttctgaggctgtcatgccaaattgtcacttttcaaattgcacaataaattttaattcctac
aagtgacatcccattaaactttctatattttgaaacagttgtttcgtttgcaaaaagaaccttaaacacg
tgtatatttagcaacgtttgtaaagtgaattgaagctgtatttattaattatgttataacaactttcaat
gaataaatatcacgcgagtcacccgcgttttccgatcctatttttgtttttgtttctacgcttaatgctc
ttcaaagttataataatagtaatgtagttgatgttcttgggcgtaaatatgttttgggcccttctcagcg
ctcattttagccctcgctgcgctcgggctaaaatgagctcgagtcgggcccaaaacatatttacgcccgc
gaacatcaactatattgttatatta
>Crypton-1_NV	CryptonA	Nematostella vectensis
tattattataactttggcgagcattgtggcgtattatacgggctctaatgaacgttttggcgggctctaa
tatattaaagcccgctgctctaagccaatgagagggcgaggaaattgcagcgagccaatcagaaggaaga
aggaattcccgcaattcattcaaaccgctcgtcgcatcgcttgccgtgtttggttgtgttttgacaacta
caaataaacaaacaggaaaacatggctgaacacgactcacaatcttctgagctcgatgaagaggagctta
agaaatggaagaagattctgttcccaaaaatactaaaaaacaaacatcctgggcgatgaaaaagttcacc
gagtggtgcacgaagcgaagtgttgaatgtgattttcacagtatcagctcctcggatcttggaggcattt
tacgccgtttctatactgaagtcaaaacaaaagacaagaaggacctctcgccgagtgccctaacgggtat
cagggctgcaattcatcgcacaataaccagccagccatcgctcgtactataaatatcttaaaagacgccg
agtttctacaatcaaacaaaatgtttgaagtagtatgcaagtcctactacaagcgcggaaacccgaagcc
tgacacaaaagccccatagagcccggtgatatggacaaactcaggtcttacttcgatgtagactctccta
acaagctacaagaatttgtgtggtttaacctttgttattatttgggaagaagaggacgcgagggctggcg
tggactcaccaagacatctctcgagttcaaacacgatgaccttgaacaaaaatatgtgtgcatcaaacat
actgaacaatccaaaaactatcaaggtggctataaacaaaaagatcaagactatagcgatttgaggatgt
acggaataccaggctccccgttggatccaattgctgcattggaaaagatgctggagaaactccatcccga
gtgcgatgcattgtttcaaacaccactcgtgaacttcgacaagaagggcagttgctggtacaaaaatgag
cctctaggaaagaattccatctcaaagctaatgccaaaaatctcacaaaaggcggggctctctaaagtgt
acacggctcactctgtcagagctttaactattacaagtctccaccaggcaggggatgatgcgaagcaaat
ctgtgcgattacaaagcacaacaatgagcaaagcttgtcgtcctacatcaaggacagttccagctcacag
aaacgtgcatgttcagggattctcatccgtccttttgtttctagtgaaatcattgaaatggagaacagta
atgattgcaaacaaggcagtttatctagggcaggcggggaaatgaatgtaagttttttatcctcgaccga
aactaatacttctgaggctgtcatgccaaattgtcacttttcaaattgcacaataaattttaattcctac
aagtgacatcccattaaactttctatattttgaaacagttgtttcgtttgcaaaaagaaccttaaacacg
tgtatatttagcaacgtttgtaaagtgaattgaagctgtatttattaattatgttataacaactttcaat
gaataaatatcacgcgagtcacccgcgttttccgatcctatttttgtttttgtttctacgcttaatgctc
ttcaaagttataataatagtaatgtagttgatgttcttgggcgtaaatatgttttgggcccttctcagcg
ctcattttagccctcgctgcgctcgggctaaaatgagctcgagtcgggcccaaaacatatttacgcccgc
gaacatcaactatattgttatatta
>Crypton-1_NVi	CryptonI	Nasonia vitripennis
tttttcataacagcgtgcgcggagctcgactttagagtcatttgttttggcgctaaagtcatcgacttag
gcacgctctctcacagcgtgcgcgggaacatttgaagcgtgcgtggggaaacctatcctgtcgctgtcat
ttgttttacatatgtatgattgcgaaattgtgtatcattagtgcaagacgtcttgtttataacctattgg
tacctaaccgaaaagtaaacatgagtgataacagttcttgtgatacagacgatatatccgattatggaaa
tgaaattccacccgaaatcgctgcagcagctaaagaagtaactttagatttattgccggacaaatcaaaa
cgtctatatgttacaacaactttaagtcttggcgttcaacaaaaaaaaaccacaatgttcgttgaagaaa
tatttttagcttatttcaaagaattggcaatgacactttctcctccgacactatggaaccgttattcaat
gttgaagactaccgtaaaaacttttgatcatattgatataagccaatatcatcaacttttagcttacatc
aagaaaaaaatgctaaatattcgaaaaaaaaatccaagactttcactgcggaaaacgttagtagattttg
taatgatgctccggacgaagcatatttagtgaaaaaagtaatttatttataaaaaatttaaaattgtatt
tcatttttcaacaatttacgagaattgatttcgttgtaggttgttcttatttttggaattctcggtgcgt
tgagaagaggagaattaactaatataacaaccgatgacattgaagatgattcgacgagattattaataaa
aattccagtaacgaagaataatgtccctcgttcttttgcagttcgtggagaattctatcaaatatgtaaa
aattacatgaatcttagaccaactgaaatcgataaacacaaaagattcttcatacattatatagacggaa
aatgcacacgacagccgattggtctcaatacaataggtcaaatgccaaagcaaatagctgattggttaaa
attaccaaatcctcacttatacactggtcatagtttccgaagaacttcagcaactttgctagtcgatgga
ggaggtaatcttactgacttaaaaagacatggcggttggaaatcgtctacagtagctgagggctacatta
atgaatctatgaatcataaggaacaaattcataaaaaaataactaaatcgatcgtcctaaaacctactga
agttgtagtggcagataaccatataccgcagtgtgacaatcaagtagcatctacttctggagcagaaatt
acagttgatcaacccaaaaaatctgtaacagtttcgttaaaaagaaccagatttgattcagaaggtcgag
atgatgatgaaccacacgctgaggatgaattttatcgattaaccgaaacacagcaagctacatgtggttc
accgttgaaaaaacgtagataaaactaataattgtaatgttacaattaatgtacataatcatcataatta
actacaatgtacgatacactatatttgtgttttagtttaatattttttgataaaagatgtaataattttc
tattaaaaataattcatttttaaatttgcaaaaatattttagtttagtataattacactcgtatatagcg
acaatgtgtgatttaacgaactttttgtatgaataagctttcacaggagcgtggcctatttcgcattatg
aaataaatttaatttgtataatatactaatttagtataatgtcgagctccgcgacacttgttatgaaaaa
tagtatacgcaactcgtgcgagggaaacacgacttacgcactcgtggtagttcagcgccctcgcttcgct
cgggcgcgaactaccgcgcgtgcgtaaatcgtgttcccctcgcactagttgcgtaatgtactatt
>Crypton-1_NVi	CryptonI	Nasonia vitripennis
tttttcataacagcgtgcgcggagctcgactttagagtcatttgttttggcgctaaagtcatcgacttag
gcacgctctctcacagcgtgcgcgggaacatttgaagcgtgcgtggggaaacctatcctgtcgctgtcat
ttgttttacatatgtatgattgcgaaattgtgtatcattagtgcaagacgtcttgtttataacctattgg
tacctaaccgaaaagtaaacatgagtgataacagttcttgtgatacagacgatatatccgattatggaaa
tgaaattccacccgaaatcgctgcagcagctaaagaagtaactttagatttattgccggacaaatcaaaa
cgtctatatgttacaacaactttaagtcttggcgttcaacaaaaaaaaaccacaatgttcgttgaagaaa
tatttttagcttatttcaaagaattggcaatgacactttctcctccgacactatggaaccgttattcaat
gttgaagactaccgtaaaaacttttgatcatattgatataagccaatatcatcaacttttagcttacatc
aagaaaaaaatgctaaatattcgaaaaaaaaatccaagactttcactgcggaaaacgttagtagattttg
taatgatgctccggacgaagcatatttagtgaaaaaagtaatttatttataaaaaatttaaaattgtatt
tcatttttcaacaatttacgagaattgatttcgttgtaggttgttcttatttttggaattctcggtgcgt
tgagaagaggagaattaactaatataacaaccgatgacattgaagatgattcgacgagattattaataaa
aattccagtaacgaagaataatgtccctcgttcttttgcagttcgtggagaattctatcaaatatgtaaa
aattacatgaatcttagaccaactgaaatcgataaacacaaaagattcttcatacattatatagacggaa
aatgcacacgacagccgattggtctcaatacaataggtcaaatgccaaagcaaatagctgattggttaaa
attaccaaatcctcacttatacactggtcatagtttccgaagaacttcagcaactttgctagtcgatgga
ggaggtaatcttactgacttaaaaagacatggcggttggaaatcgtctacagtagctgagggctacatta
atgaatctatgaatcataaggaacaaattcataaaaaaataactaaatcgatcgtcctaaaacctactga
agttgtagtggcagataaccatataccgcagtgtgacaatcaagtagcatctacttctggagcagaaatt
acagttgatcaacccaaaaaatctgtaacagtttcgttaaaaagaaccagatttgattcagaaggtcgag
atgatgatgaaccacacgctgaggatgaattttatcgattaaccgaaacacagcaagctacatgtggttc
accgttgaaaaaacgtagataaaactaataattgtaatgttacaattaatgtacataatcatcataatta
actacaatgtacgatacactatatttgtgttttagtttaatattttttgataaaagatgtaataattttc
tattaaaaataattcatttttaaatttgcaaaaatattttagtttagtataattacactcgtatatagcg
acaatgtgtgatttaacgaactttttgtatgaataagctttcacaggagcgtggcctatttcgcattatg
aaataaatttaatttgtataatatactaatttagtataatgtcgagctccgcgacacttgttatgaaaaa
tagtatacgcaactcgtgcgagggaaacacgacttacgcactcgtggtagttcagcgccctcgcttcgct
cgggcgcgaactaccgcgcgtgcgtaaatcgtgttcccctcgcactagttgcgtaatgtactatt
>Crypton-1_SP	CryptonA	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus
tttatatacctcacttaagaaatccagccatctgattggtcgaaattgcattcataaactttaactgttc
ctgtaaaattcccggtaaccatgcttaaaacagttctaaaatcccaataaccatggttaccgggaaaata
gttcagtctccatggttaccccataggtttacatgttaaaaaatggtttgagcgatcgaggataccgtac
gtgtgcgaagaattggtcgctatattttaccaattttgtaactcaccccacgggacatctcgccccagca
tcaaagactgggtcgaaatgtcccgacacgattcatcgatcgagagataccaatgtgtatatgtttgtgc
tcattgtacattttagacgatatggctgatatttgttcacattctttcgtcctggccgttaattagcaga
ctactggtatctctcgatcgataaatcatgtcgggatatctcgctggggcgagatgtcccgtggggcgag
ttagcccgactccctagtagctgccagcgcagacgaccgactgtactaggccaaaatggctgaattagaa
acgctcccaagatttcagcttcttgatgatgatcaaatgagagacttgattgattctgctgacagcaaga
acacgaaaaattccgttaaattctccatgaaaatattcgaagacttcctgcaagttatcaacacagacct
cgatagcgtaaacaagctttcaaattcggagctggacaatgtactgcaaaagttttacgctggtgctaga
cggaagaacggaagttattacatgaagaagtcaatgttagctattagattcggacttcagcgtcatttcc
tcaattgtaacaagatagatatcatcaagcatgaagatttttccaactcgacgagagtttttaagtgttt
ttcagcaatgcttaaacaggaaggaaagggagttgtaactcacaaaccagctatctcagcagaagacatg
gacaaaatccaaggttcgcttgatttggatgatcctgtgggtcttcaggacaaggtatttatggacgtaa
tgttgtacttttgcaatcggggtagagagaatttgcgtgaaatgacacttgacagctttgacatttgtga
tgaagggggaaaatgctccataactctgaaagatacactcacaaaaaacaaccgtgcagataaactagag
aaaagccaaggtggtgtcatgattccaactaatggtccacgatgtcctgttgcctccttcttacgctaca
aagataaattgaatccacaatgtaagagtttttggcagagaccggcaaatgcacaggccaagcgtgagtt
gaaatccaatccatcttcttctgatcaatggtactgtaatgcacccctagggaaaaacagcatcggagac
aaaatgaaaacaatttcatctcgtgcaggtaccaaggcttacaccaaccattgcctaagggcaaccagca
tcagtaccctacaaaatgctgggttcagagacagagagatcatgagtgtctccggacacaaggcggagac
cagtctcaaacactatgctatgaccagcagtacagcaaaagaaaacatgagtcatgctatcgcggcagcc
gttgatccgaaatcagtaccatcgtcatcaaacataggtcatggtatcgcggcagctgttgatccgaaat
cagtaccatcgtcatcgacatctactggtggtcagcgtagtgaaagccaggaactgcgggaactaaatga
cattttcaatgagatcacaaataacccagagaacttcccacgcacatgcaacatcactacaagtagccat
gcccatgtttctactagtcagcaggtgcaagcccccacatatcattttaacaactgtactgtaaacattt
ttaacaaatagagttattttataccagttctaccagtgagttattttctacggagttctacyattagagt
tattttctacggatttctaccagttgagttattttctacggagttctaccagttgattggtaagttgact
cttcggtatataaaagtattaatgactgctttaatattcgagaaatagttgtttttatacgctctcggga
aggttaca
>Crypton-1_TC	CryptonI	Tribolium castaneum
gtaatagtattttacagtattagcaaggtaaaacggtttttactggcgaaaggagggaatgactggcgag
ccgaaggcgagcctgtcacctcctggagccagtaaaaacggttaccttgcgtatactgtacaatacttta
tttgtttctcacttgtaaacaaaacgaaagttattaataaaatttgaataaaaaatgtggctattttcga
aaatttatcaaaatgctgtagaaaattactgtggaaacgacatgacaacaacgttatttattaaacaatt
tctttgcaattttgcaattattacacctttaacagattaataaaatgtctcacgtaccagaagcaattag
aaacgaagcgagaagtgtagtttcgggtttattacccaaaaaatcttcagcaaggtacgagcatcagtat
ttagattttaaaaattggcaraagaagcagaatcgtagggagtgtaaacaagacgaggaatgtgtgattt
ttattggcatacttaaatcaactgtcgatgaaatatagccccaattctttatggtccaagtggtcaatgt
taaaaagctgcttagaaattaaagaaaatattggaactgacaggtttgctgtttactgtaaataactgaa
agaaataactgttgttttatttagattttataaagtaattgcttttttaaaaagaaaaaatgagcgttac
acgccaaaaaaagccaagatcctaactaaagagcaagtcgagacttttctgctggaagctcctgacgacc
agtggttactctttaaagttgtgacaatttttggaattttcggagcttgtcggtgtgatgagcttttgtc
tctcacaccaaacgatgtagaagacacagggaaatacataattgtcactttgcgaaatacaaaaaatttt
acaacaaggaggtttacaataacggatgaggagtgcagatttcaaccttgcgttttgtacagaaaatatg
cgtctcttcgaccaactcaggccgaaagtctacgccttttcttaacttatcgtggcggtaaatgcatctc
cctgaatgctggtcaacacactattggtggcataccgaagaaaattgcgtcgtacttgaaattaagtgaa
ccggaattgtataccggtcattcttttcgccgctcagcggcaactatggttgtggattctgggggagaca
ttttggcactgaaacgtgcaggaggctggaaatctagtgctgttgcagaaggatatgtggaagattcaat
taagcagaagctagaacgagcaaaaaaattgtttctagttccagagccgacaagtgcttcctccagttcc
aaacacgcctccacagtttcagaagaaacaagtgaaaaatttaatgttagtgggaatcaaaattgcaata
tcactattaatgtgtatagccgagaaattaatcctgtcaataatgaataagttgttcttgtattttaata
atttgtagtttaattcagtaattcagtttctgtttgcaataaaagcttgagaattaagagtaattttgcc
tcaaattttgctaaatattgatggttgtaaagaaaacaatttctaatcaatataaatcaacgttgcgaac
gtgttaattttataactggcgctcctgtcagttttactagtagctaacttgtaaaagtgaagtttcgaag
tgattagacagatcggataattgacgtttacaagtgaggaacaaataaa
>Crypton-2_NV	Crypton	Nematostella vectensis
caacaacaacaacaacgaaacagacgacgctcctgttggagaagaaaatcatgcgggagatgcggaaaca
agtgaagaacctgaaaggaaaaagaagaagcagagaacgaaggccaattgatctacccccggaattcagt
tattttatttttatttatatattattgaacttttgaacagatctcttgcaaggacgcaactgacccacca
accacgacgggaagacgaaaattacttgaacaacttgctaacccaaatgcacctgttgctgcaacccctc
ggccagcaagtgatgttgttgccgcaaatccaagaccaaggacaaatgggcaaataccaattgcctgtcc
tcagaggaggaggaaggaccccgcagtgctgctagaccggctagacccaccaaacgtcccggagtactgg
tcggactccacgagtgacgaggactttgacgtcacgaataaggttagtgtcacccttatgaccactacat
ctgttaacgtttctctcctcaccattctttttttactcatcagtcaatcgatgctgaagaccagcaggtg
atacttctagtagtttccgctattcctccagcgcccccatggcggagacctgaaagaagcaatggccagg
gagatagctgctaaggttcggtccatcgttggcgccgcggcgccatcaggcagctacctccttgacgcgt
ttggagatgtgaatagagtctgggaccgcttcttcctccccagacgcgaaaagggccccgaccaactaaa
ggccacaacacttcgagggtactgcgacgccctacagcgcttcctggggtatgtcattaatagcgccgag
gtgcgcccttcaagggctgagcggctggccctcaagcgcctccaggccaaactccctggctggaagacat
gcctcaggaagttccagaaatgggagcgtggggtgcgccacatgcaggacaccgagaacgtcctggactt
ggggcaggtcaagcaagtgataaattctgcggctgcgaagaagtgtggcgcccgcttagacctggcctta
gaggaatatgaaaaaggcctccccgaaagccccgtgactacccaggaggtgatcgattgcagaaattacc
tcatcgcctgcctggtcactttctgcacggcgcgggcttccctcatttcaggattaaccattgagggctt
ccagaaatacaacaaccccaaggtagacaagcacggtctgaagcagtttaacgtgacggagcacaagact
gcaggtgcgcacggccccctgactgtacatctcgaccgtgagacccgggacagggtctatgcttacatta
acgtattccgccccctcctgctgatagccgggaaaggagtggcgagcgcaaatgtacataattgcatggg
ctcctttctgaagatatctggggttaggctccgcgaaggccagacgtttaccccaacagccatccgaaag
atgtgggcaaccacctttcaccagtctggggaagacgagagatcaatggaagagctcgccatgctggcaa
aacaccgggtggcgacgcagcagagccaatacatctgctcggaccgggctaggatggctgcgtccgccag
tgctgccatcagccagcgaatcaaatcacccgagactcacgaggctgagactccaccgacgactacgtgt
gccctcgtacctgtgggcaccataaataccatacagtgggaaaacaatgcgcggcaaggtacaccttctc
ctccactgagcagaacatgataaagatcatattcgtggctataatccacagcaaaaagtacccatctgag
ctggagattgagaaaaaattgagatcgaccggaaggtccaaccagatgtgggagcgctgggactgccccg
gctggaggaagaagcttgtgacaaaaatttacaacaagcggaagctccatctaagaaatctttaaacccc
tcctccaactctcctacaacccgaccagtgccagatcctactgatggacagcgcccgagtcagcaccagt
gccagatcctactgatggacagcgccaaacttcgttgcttatgttgcggggttatagtttcacggaacat
cgttatcatttaagaaaattgaaacaaatgagatgtacaagttataatgacgtttcaattaagaaagtcc
gaactgaaaaattgcaaaagctctttatttgatgaatcgtcaagtggatttttctgttgttcatggaaaa
gaaaagtcatgttcaacatgtattacattacgtaatcacatattttaatttttagaaatattgcccagga
tactttttaagtgataacaaacgagtaaactacttttcccatttcccccactattttctccgaccataca
aagggtaaccccgggtcacattgggtactccaaattcaataggtctattaaccgagaatttgtttactaa
cataaatttcgattttttatagagtacagmaagcctcatctataatcaagatatcaatttagtaagtatg
atactagtctataacaaattaatgttataacattatgcctgttgaattactggacgttttgccaatttac
aaaaatggacggtgacttggacaaacacgacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacaacgaaacagacgacgct
cctgttggagaagaaaatcatgcgggagatgcggaaacaastgaagaacccgaaaggaaaaagaagaagc
agagaacgaaggccaattgatctacccccggaattcagttattttatttttatttatatattattgaact
tttgaacagatctcttgcaaggacgcaactgacccaccaaccacgacgggaagacgaaaattacttgaac
aacttgctaacccaaatgcagctgttgctgcaaccc
>Crypton-2_TCa	CryptonI	Tribolium castaneum
ttttttctacgtccgttataaaacttagaatttttttattcatatctgttcataaagtatatcattcttg
aatgaatcaaaagcgtgaaaaaaagtgccgtaacgtgtcattttttaacgcgtaaatattaatatagtag
ggtgctttggacgcggcgctgtcagtagacgctgtcttagagctgtcacatagaaaacattttcaaagtt
atttgcttggtttttgtaagaattgtgttgttgaacaaaaaaaaaggtgttgctagttgtgatggagtgt
gaaagcgaagaaagcttcagttgcaccccgaggacgtcattgattcggcaaatgccgctacaatgaatat
tcttccggaaaaataaaaaaatcaatatttgaaagaatataawgattttatggagtggcgcaggaatcca
aagtttcacagagagagttttgctcgcttattttgattcaaaatcaaaaacgtggaragcttcaactttg
tggtctgcctattccaaattgaaggccactttgattataaatcatgacgttgacatcagcaaatacccaa
aacttattgggtatttaaaaaataagtcaataggatatcggcccaaaaagtctaaaacattcctccgaga
agacatttacaaatttttkatgcaagctccggaccataattatcttatgcaaaaggttattattaatatt
atttttaaagaaaattaatcgcttactcattcaggttgctttaatatttggaattgccggcgctctgcgg
agggaagaattatataaaatgaagtgtgaagatgtgaacgacactggtaacgttctaattatcacggtac
ccgacactaaaacacatattgaacgaagattcacagttattggagaaacacccaaacataatttaaactt
gatagacatttataaaaaatacaaaaatcaacgaccgacgaatgtcaaaaccgatcatttctttttgcaa
tatagacagggaaagtgcaaaacacaagtcgtaggaataaacaccttttcaaaaattccttcacaaatcg
caacttatttaaatttaccggatccatcaagctacactggacatgcatttcgtcgctcttcggcgtctct
tttggtagattctggtggcgatttaatgcagttgaagaaacacggtggatggaaatccagcacagttgcc
gaaggttacgtggacgaatcaatgcaaactaaaatggattcggcaacaaaaattttggcaggaactagtt
ccacaccgactgcaagcgacttgtccacaagtgtctacaatcctacagttaattctactacgcaaaaaca
agtaggaaataagactacaaatgtagacgaagtaaattctttgagcaaatcaatcgtttgctcttctcta
caaatcaataacgctcaaagttgcactttccatatttcaattaataaagacatttgaattaatactatta
cttttttatattttcatattatgacggacgtagaaaaaatgttgtatgcaattcgtgagtaaagtatctt
tttttaactcgtaggaattgccgcactcgcctacggctcgtgcggtcaactgttcctactcgttaaaaaa
agtgttactttactcacttgttgcataaataactatta
>CRYPTON-CN1	CryptonF	Cryptococcus sp.
caaaacacctaaaactgaacgtacttcccaaaattaacttggtgcaattgaattgttctctggaaccagg
gacccgggacaaggcgagccgcggggacatgtcctcatagtgggggtcgccgatttttttcaaatgtccc
caggaagcgttccagtaaactagaatttatacgacctgttgcatgttgcatcagttccagtaaactacag
attactggagctttgctcaacctgtcccgggttaatatctgtcgtaatggaaatacggcctcattagtct
cggcgtcagcccacgcatccaatgtcattacagtaacctcatccatgatactttctaacatattagaaca
acattgctcatattatccatcgttcaactttttttgactgccaccaccttgcacaatgccagctaccaga
cgcacaaaggggcttgacgcattccaacctgctgacactctcgatcctcgcacggctcacacgatgcaag
atatcgctgctcttcgcaaaagtaatttgacattgaaaacagcacgacaatatgcaaccaaaaataagca
atggtatgcgtactgtgcccacatgaattttcttacaaagtgagccgccatctcccaaagatgtatgtgt
actagttgttggctgacgtgttgctcttcaacctgaagagatactgtaactccggcaaacgcagcgtcgt
atctgtacaattgggtacttaaacttcctcctgaccatcaccgtaaatgatttccccacaggctttgtag
agcatacgttgatatacttcgcaggtaagaagcaggcgcacatccttgtaagagaagcccaaggtgggca
agtgccacaaactgtgcggggtcaggagcaaggtcagacggcactgtttattgaggaagacgaggaagtc
gacgattcaatgcttgcaggtattgatgagcctgccgacccagacaccgttcaggacgagcgccagatgc
ttctgaatggtgtcaatgacttgccggattttaaggaattgcgtgagagtcttggatatcatggtgcagg
tgagctatctcagcttcagagcagggtggctggtaacgagcctacagactcgagtcttgagcatctgctg
cagtgcaaccaatctcttgcttctgtcaggctctatttggctgctcttgtcgacctttgggagacccaaa
ggcaggcgggaatgaacgcctttccctcgccgcgcacgaaagcaaccaactctatcctcaacgctctacg
tcgtgtacgcaacgaacaaagtatccttcgttgtgatgataaaggtgacggtgagctttatcctgccttt
ccatgtaataagaatctaagctgagcccgccctccagatctgttctacgatgggatagcgacgaccgaga
acatgaaaaagttgtttctccattatctgcatcgggacagcgtcgaaggtctgcgcgatctcgctgcgca
agccgtcggcatccatggacttttacgtgcggatgatcagctaaggattaccctatcgtccatgtccctc
agactcttcgaggatgagggacccacaccttgtcgtggtgtcgttttcgccataagagaggggaagacga
cacatgacggtcagatccagtactcaactctgttgaggaacaaggatgtgacccggtgccccgtctcttt
ccttgttctgtatctgtttgcccggtgagcggttttgtttctgccgccttatgaagttgctgtccaaatg
atctgatttggtctacttaggttccatttcagtgaagagccctttattaactcagatgtctcttttccct
ctttaaaaaatcgccaggactggtatcacatcccactctttgtgtcccgccaatccaacgcagttacgcg
tctgaaatatgacgctttgaacaagagtgtgcgaaaagcacttcaaagctgcaacatccattgtagagcg
tccactcacacgtctcgcaaatggggagcccagcttgccgaagatggcggcgcgcctgaagaagatatca
tgaggcaaggaagatggtgtacaaaggtgatggaaactgtctacctcagtaaattccctctcaaagcatt
gagagcccttgcagggttcccaaaaaagaaaggttcttattaccttcctcgcgacatggaagtgcctcag
gagcttatcgagagcgtcttcccatgggttgatgctgcgttgagtcatattccgttacatgtggaaagtt
aattaactgatgctgaatatgcagtgaggctgagctcttcgaccccgatcgcttccaaggcgacaaagct
ggtcgagcattcatcaaactcatggactggtttcgctcggtattaatccaagatgctccctttattcgcc
agctcgaacctgacctctttgtctggaaacaccctgtcttctccacacccactttccttgcctttgaagc
aagggcgctagccgaagcgcaaagcgcggaagcacgcatgagcgaggatgcaaggcaacttatccctgaa
ctttccgattatctctctaccaacttcactgccttgtttaaggccacatataacatcgacaccacgttaa
caggactagctgcgtccgttgccagcaattcccaacttatacaggaagagcggcgtgctgagaaatatga
tgcactgttgaatggtattggagatgcattccatgcaatggctcgccgccaacacagcggcagcatttca
tctcgatcaaatggtgagcatgttgtcacagatggtcatggatggcgtgaatgttagctgataatatgtc
agtcaacgcccaagagagccaaacgaccagtgtacttgaaggtcaacaccatggggggtttaacccatcc
gcttcttccaactccgtcgcttctcagcccaactccgctagcgactctggtgacctagttcaactcgaag
cattggtctacaagatggatcgcgaggtaggagatgtactagaattatgggatgagtacatcgttggaag
gaatggtcgattacctgtcagggaaatgagtcaacgaaacgagtttaaaaagaacgaagccgaaaaaaag
atgttcaatcggagaaaacctatctatgaggccatcagagacctagctcgggggatgaacatgggtgaga
gggaagctgcggggttaattgaggagtataggattaaaaactcgatggggctaaacaagctgagcaatgt
cgtcaaggaagttgtcaagaacatgattgtgcatcagtcttatcgatatcgaacgttgtaactgttttaa
attgtaaccatatgatagttgtacttacgttcatgcacgtatgattgcctcatccttcccatattatgtt
cctgtggctacatataaaggtaatcaaacgggtaatcgaaggaaaagctggtgagaaaagaagtgatggg
gaaggatgagaactcgggaaatgggtcaagacgggtcagccgaagcccttggccatccaatatttctttt
ggaaatgcgacgtaccattatgcagaggaaagacaagaggtacaaatgcacatagctcaaacatagctgc
aagcgacatcagtatacagtagtatatattctgagtttttcacaaacgttacagcctgaacgaagttaca
agtggtcgcgacgtgtggtcatcatgaacgaaatagcgatgtgatgtagtatatatgcatatgcatgcat
tattgaagaagatagagaagctcaacaatcataatggtcgtgcagtgcgtgcgtacagtggtggaggatg
tatgggttcggcgcggactccgtttacgacttagtcaccggacaaccccgccaggacatgtcctggacag
ggtatagggtagggtctttaaacggattgtttacccgaaaccccgtgaagtctcttacgggtcatcacta
tttataattaattatgcgactttcgtaattgattatctaataaacattatgtaagagtccaaccgataca
cttgctctcgggac
>CryptonA-1N1_OL	CryptonA	Oryzias latipes
ttataccatggtccgggtgaatactcgattctgattggctgctgggtgtgcgttaaaaagtgataacaac
mkgataaccgcacggtgaaaaaagaagttccggtcacctagcttaaatgttttgtatcactgcgccggct
tctttaaaacaaccttttgcttcatcatctggacaaaaacaagcggtaagaggtgaactttctctctgaa
ctgatgctttattcaacccatcggaaagatcagcatatatatcgccgaatcttgactgcagcggtggtgc
kgcgcgacgcggactatttgttacgtggtgcggcgcgacgtaacaaatagtccgctttttgtgagaaaag
cgatccaaatcggaaaaaaaacaagaattaaggactaaaaactggttaatatgtattgcttttgtaagtg
accatggtataagcgggttaatggccttcgaagtgtgcattatcactttttaacgcacgtcgcggaagca
gcttcgcgtcggacggttcaggcttccacggcgtgcgttaaaaagtgataatgcacacttcgtcagccat
taacccttacata
>CryptonA-1N2_OL	CryptonA	Oryzias latipes
ttataccatggtccgggtgaatactcgattctgattggctgctgggtgtgcattaaaaagtgataatcca
cagtgataatgcacacctaaaaaagaagttccggtcacatagcttaaatgttctgtatcactgcgctggc
ttctttaaaacaaactttagcttcatcatctggacaaaaacaagcggtaagaggtgaactttctctctga
actgatgctttatttaacacatcgtgatcatcagcatatgtatcactttcctttgccgctgcagtcgagg
tcggtgccggctcagcgcgttgtcatgttaccgtgacaacgcgccgcaccacgtaacaaatagtccactt
ttt
>CryptonA-1_LG	CryptonA	Lottia gigantea
tttacgtaagggataaaggccaaaactgtactttctgtcgacagaagaaacaactgaggggtgttaaccc
gttgaagtacagttttcggcctttatctgtcttaaaacatagtatctgtgagtaaattttgtttgtgaga
gagactcaatgtatatcactttaagaatgtaatctttttgaacattaaatgagcatgcacacagctcact
actgaatgttgttttaagacagttgttactttaagaatgtacacttttaaacattcatgcattcattcat
tgaatagttgatgcttcaagtgtcaagatgtcaggttctagtgatgatgatatatttattacccaaacaa
agacttgtgaaatagatgattataatttagaaacggatactgttcttagtgatgctctgaatttggagga
aaattatgtaaaagaagccatacagttaccaaactttgatttgaagtactctgatataagcgatgttgaa
acaccaaatttgccagaaaatgccaagacttcactgaggttttccaagcccctggacgattctgatctaa
agaatttggttaaaagtggtcttagtattaaaactgaaaataaaactagatgggcagttaatttgtttag
tatgtggaagaaacacagaaacaataataactctgaagaaaaaggtttatttaatctttccagtcaagaa
ttgaatgaggcactttccttttttatagctgaagtgcgtaaggaatccggtgataattataaaccaaata
ctttgtatgagattattatatctatacagcactaccttcgtcagaatggacgtttaatagcctttatgga
tgatcaagaatatcagggtttaagaagtgttctgaacagtaaaatgaaggagttgtcgagacttggactg
ggtattaataccaagaagtcagaagttattacaatagaacaagaagagattttatggagtaaaggcttgt
taggtgaaagtaacccacagcagttattggatactcttcttttcttgtttggattacattttgcactgcg
agctgctcaagaacacaggaatttaaggtttggtatgaacactcaattgtctgttaagtatgacttagaa
ggtaaaaaatatctgcagtacatagaagatgtttcaaagacaaaccaaggtggtttagatcacaggaaag
tcagtcctaaaatgacaagagcttatgaaaattctaacccattaagatgtccagttagattatatgaaaa
gtatatagctctgcgtccaaaaaacggtacagtagatgcattttatctgcgtcccaagaagatgccatgc
tctgatgtttggtactgtgattctcctgtaggaattcataccatacagtccactgttaaacgtttatgtc
agtcggctggtataattggaaactttagtaatcattcccttcgtgccacagctgcaactcgtttatatca
agctggagtggacgagcaattgatcactgaaaagactggacaccgatctaatgctgtacgagcatataaa
agaacaagtgatgcccagcaagcctctgtgagttcagtattgcatagtggttccaaaaaacataaattgg
aagaattggtggatacaagcccaactaaatttaagcaagaacgttgcgttaatgaggaaaccagtgacaa
agaacataaggaactcagagagttcaaactttcaatgccaggaatgaatttgtccatgaaattttgattc
atttgactgtagtattgcttcaaaaattgcaataatatgtttgttctagttatctgaaaatctgttcttt
cttaagtttaataatgtactattttttccaaaaactgtacattcttaggtcaaagaaagtacagtttttg
gaagttgtgagtaggtgttcacaaaaacagtacattctttgaaataatggcctaaaacaacaaaggacta
ctgtctaact
>CryptonA-1_OL	CryptonA	Oryzias latipes
ttataccatggtccgggtgaatactcgattctgattggctgctgggtatgcgttaaaacctgataaccgc
acggtgaaaaaagaagttccggtcacatatcactgcgctagaataaacttaaaacatacgttaaaagacg
ttatttcacagtttacaacaacacagcaaaagacatgagtgatttcgttgtttcttttaacttgttcggt
gaatttgataattttgatgactgggatgcagccacagagaaagagagacaagaacatcaaaagagggaga
ggagacacaaggaagtgtcaccggaagaattgaactttttggaagatgacaaggatgaggtaaacacaaa
gaaaatcacgaaatgggcagttaatatatttcgagaattcctggctcaaaaaaacatggatattaacttt
gaaaactacactgccaccactctcaatgagagtctgcggcttttttatgcgtctgttcagtccactaagg
aaggaggagagtacagtgttgccagtctgaggagcttgagagccggcatcaatcgccacctaagagacgt
caacatcatcagcgacaccgtgttcaagagcagcaatgcggtttttaaggcaataatgaagcgctacaga
aagagtgggaaagacaccagctcccaccatcctcgtattcctgagtcggacctggagaaaatcagatgct
catctgcgctgtcccgacacgcccctcgcctcgtcagaaaggtgtggtttgacatccagctgtgtttggc
tcgacgtgggagggaggggtgccgtgagctgaccatggcatcttttagcatccacagagacgaggaaggc
gcggaatacctcagcctatcgcataatccggacactaaaaaccacaaaactccaaacgacccacacaagc
aaaacctaagaggttttatgtttgcaagacccggggatcctctgtgcccaatacaaagtttcaagaaata
catctctaaatgtcccccagatgcaaaatctttttatctgcatccgaagcgctccgtcaccgcagcatct
gaggtttggtactccagggaaccgatgggtgtcaactacctgggagcaatgctaaaaaaaattagtgaag
aggtctgtacatctacatagccctattttgtcaaacctctcttctgcttttgtaaatagcctgcgtgttt
atgattgttttttttaaggtgggtctgtcgcagatttacacaaaccacagcctgcggagcacggctgtgg
gtcgactctcagacgccggtctggaatcacgccagatcatgtctgtgacggggcaccgctgtgaaagcag
cctgcaggcttactgggctccgtcactccaggagaggmgagaatggagcaacattctgtcgtcccgcaac
gtcgccaccagcagtggtcagggtccacaaaaactaaatatckgtccttcgaacagcaatatgatggaca
tgccagtatctctgtcaaattttacgattaatggcaatgttgaatttaattttaaataaataattctgtc
ttcctaaagccgacttttttgctcggttcaaagttaacaggctcgatgtaaaataacttattaattaata
aaaccgtttttgttgttgttgacagctaatgttcagatttattgttagagatttcttataataaaatctt
ggaagctacttgtgtatttgtttctttaacacgctttgcttcatcatctggacaataacgagcggtaaga
ggtgcacaatgacgctttgattattttatcatgacgatcaccatatgatcctactttcttccgctacagt
gccggctccgccgcacctgaacttgtagtcatgacaacgcgcagcaccacataaaaaatagtccgctttt
tgtgaaaaagtgatctaaactgaacaaaaaacaagaataaagtactaaaactgattaaaaatatcttttt
ttgtaagtgaccatggtataagcgggttaatggccttcgaagtgtgcgcattatcactttttaacgcact
acgcggaagcaaccgtccgacgcgaggttcaggcttccacggc
>CryptonA-1_SK	CryptonA	Saccoglossus kowalevskii
attatcacatctcactgttgttacgcatgctgtgattggttgagactcggtcacatgacattggaaaaag
atggatattacatggtatattgcccgccaagtggatattacatggtatatcacatggatgacgtcactga
aacgactgccatcccactgcgcataacaaattgtcgttcgctgatttcgtttttgttcgccgtcgctgtt
atttttttgtcgtaatggcttcgaagagacatgcagaactttcaccctctgaattggacaatattctgtt
agagaatgacagtaaaaggaccaggatggcaacaagtaatgccatttccacatttaaacaatatctggga
agcaaatttggatacggcgaaggcgccctggaaacgtttacagcaacgacgctcgacactgcactgagaa
cgttttacgccgaggtacgaacgcagaagggagaagtatacacgacgaaatcattacagtcacttagata
tgggatacaaaggtattttaaccaacctccaatgcgccgaaattttgatttagttaacggagatgaattt
gccgatagccgaaagatgttcgcagccgtaagtaagcagcttaaaagtcaaggcaaagggaacgtctgtc
acaagccagcaattcttcccggcgatctaagcaaactaacaacatacttcagtagatatagcacaagtgc
tcccgtccttctgcacaaagtatggtttagcattatgctatatttttgtcgcagaggaagagaaggtcag
cgtgacttacgaggaagtcattttatggtgaagtcggacgataacggtagcaagtacgttattcaggtgg
ggagcgaagtgagcaaaaatcaccaatgcgacgacgatggtgtgtctggtggcatcatgtatgcaaacaa
cagcaaccctcgacactgtcctgtacgtgcttttgagctgtacctttccaaagccaacagacgatgtgat
gctctcttccaacgaccccgtgataactactctgctgatgacgatgtatggtttgaaaacaaacctattg
gcaaaaacaccttgtcagaaatgatggctctgatatccaagtgcgctagtttaagccagcggtacaccaa
tcactgtattcgtgctacatcaatcacgattcttagcgaagccgggtttaataatcgtcataccatgagt
gtcagtcgtcatcgtcakgagctacgtgcgggatacakcaattgaacaamaamaaaga
>CryptonA-2N1_SP	CryptonA	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus
ttataaaatgatgacgttgatcctaatcaaatgattggttgaaagcgtacacgtgaccatgcatttattt
tgcctaacgcgaaatttggataactaccggtcattatcctatggtaatgaccggtcattggcgatcatgt
tttgcgatcgtaaccattaattgagatttcatcgttttacttttactcgcgaaaatggctgccgcggaat
ttaaaacgcctacgtttgaaatgcttttgactgaagaaatgagggtgaatgatgagggtgatttatcaaa
taacaaggatccacgtcataattttataaaacaaataatacacagcattttgttcgggcattagtaaaat
tacccacactcggtacctttgaaacagtccaaacaccctcggctatcgcctcgggcgtgttagactgttc
caaaggtaccttgtgtgggtaattcttactaatgccctcactgctgtgcattatttgtata
>CryptonA-2N2_SP	CryptonA	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus
ttataagatgatgacgtagatcctaatcaaatgattggttgaaagcgtacacgtgaccaggcatttattt
tgcctaacgcgtaatttgggtaatgaccggtcattacccagtggtaatgaccggtcattaccacatctag
ctaaaattagcgcaaaataagcgcgacacaagtcagaggtctaatattagacgcgcgcaaggcaaggtac
gcctcaatttgcgcttattttaaaccatgggttatgtaaatgagaatttaaaccatgggttagatttaaa
cctcctttgtgaattcgggcctttgagtttgagatgagggcgattgatcaaataacaaggatccacgtta
taattttataaaacaaataatacacatcattttgttcgggcattagtataattacccacactcggtacct
ttgaaaaagtctaacacgccctcggctatcgcctcgggcgtgttagacttttccaaaggtaccttgtgtg
ggtaattcttactaatgccctcactgctgtgtattatttgtatacta
>CryptonA-2N3_SP	CryptonA	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus
ttataagatgatgacgtggatcctaatcaaatgattggttgagagcgtacacgtgaccaggcatttattt
tgcctaacgcgtaatttggataatgaccggtcattatccatggtaatgaccggtcattagcaaaatcatg
ttataaaacatcattttataaaaagsaaacaaaacataatcttataaaacaaataatacacatcattttg
ttcgggcattagtaaaattacccacactcggtaccttcgaaacagtccaaacaccctcggctatcgcctc
gggcgtgttagactgttccaaaggtaccttgtgtgggtaattcttactaatgccctcactgctgtgtatt
atttgtatatta
>CryptonA-2_SK	CryptonA	Saccoglossus kowalevskii
tttatcgctgttgaataaacaaaatattaaagatattaatcacagtctcaattctcccaacccgaaaata
gttcgggcatgataatgtttcgtctgctgtcaatcgtacaaatttgcatctcaaagtaaacaaaccttca
gctgatcgaacgttcgaaatcatgatacatatgggcgacttagtcaatacttttgatatagacgtgacag
aatttatgaatgatgagcaagaaagaccaagtgaaggtacgtttacgttttttctttcgtcagaactgat
aaactgagatcatgatcactcggcgtattgtatgctcgcataatgcattgggtaaaaatacatcacaata
ctgcgagtactaaataaaatgattccacaacatgaatttatttttatatttataataacaaatgtaacat
ttsttttcgtcacagaaaatgcttccttgggtgaagcgacagcacagaccactgacagcgacggcgccga
ggccgggccttcacgaccatgtagatttgtgccagtcaccgatgacgatgtcagaagaacaatcgaaact
caacaaaacaaaaacacagccaagaaaactctatatgatatgagattactgggccaatttttgaagacac
cagaaataaacgaagctagagaaatccacgaaatccctccaaatgaactggaaacaattctatgcaaatt
ttttatcagtgtccgtaaaccaagcggtgatgactacgagcctacttccttacgatctatgctttctagc
tttgaacgtcacctgaaacgacacaaatacatgtattcactgatcagtagtattgagtttaatgaggtgc
gggaaacaataaaagcaaaacagaagaaattaaagaaagatggtaagggcaacctaccgcgaacagctga
ggcggctacagatgaggaaatcgaaattctgtgggaatcgggacagtttgggtcccacagtcctgaagcc
ataataaatactatgtggttttataacacagtacattttggtctgaggggtaataccgagcaccgtaaca
tgtgttggggagatgtgagcctatgtactgatagtagcggtcgtgaatatcttgagttctctgaacggca
aactaaaactcggactggagaaaatccaagggataccagaaaagtgaagccaaagatgtgggacgtccct
gcgaatcccagaagatgtccagttgctattttcaaaaaatacctcagtctacgaccagctggttacacaa
atagtgacgacccatactacatcgccacgcattctcgcggactgcccagaccgggtgagcagtggttccg
tcaccagcctatcgggattaataaaataggttccctgatgaaaaatatggcaactgcagcaaatttaccc
ccaaacaaacgcctcacaaatcatagtgccagaaagcatctcatccagaaattaagtgaccaaaatatac
caccgacacaaataatgcagatctccggtcatcgtaacattcagtccgtcaatgcctacagcactatatc
agaaaaccaacacagagaaatttctggcattttaaataatcaagtagccacccctaactatagcacatca
aacccgtgccaaacatcaataccttctgttatgcaacctcaaccacaacgtaacatcgcgtcccagttga
catcaaccaatatcagccatcatgcctcgaccttgagttcacaatccacaccgatatttggaggccccat
ttccggcggagtatttaatgtacacgtacattacaacattgccaacaatgatagttcaacaattccaccg
aaaagacgtcggatatatgtgtttgattcctctcagtcatcagatgagaactaaataataactttcaatc
gacgcagcgttgacttccatgtttgatctcgtggaccatgtcaatgacgtcatggagtgacggggaaacc
cccgataaatacttgtagttcctacagctttttgatgtatttaatagtttttactgctttcgtttttcgc
tttaagtgtttaagttaaaaataatgtaatttgtttatttgtattctaactagtttggtgtttggacctt
tattaaagttctttttgatcgcttttgtctcttcaatgactcttcacttttacttgttcgaccgaatcaa
tgcgcccagtgtttgcgttgtcgatttcggctgccgacgacagtggaaacatttggctttgaattacaac
aaaaaagaatacatgtgataaataggatctcaaattcgtgaccgtgtaa
>CryptonA-2_SP	CryptonA	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus
ttataaaatgatgacgtagatcctaatcaaatgattggttgaaagcgtacacgtgaccaggcatttattt
tgcctaacgcgtaatttgggtaacgaccggtcattacccagtggtaatgaccggtcattaccacatcttg
ttgttgctatcgtaaccattgagatttcatcgttttacttttactcgcgagaatggctgccgcggcattt
aaagtgcctacttttgaaattctttcaactgcacaaatgcaagagttattgaatgggactgattctgcta
gtaccaagaagagcataaagtttggctttgcgaaatttgaagcttttttgggcctgaaacaaattgaatt
gggtgaaatcacaaccgacaggcttcgactggatgacgttttgtgcackttctattcaagtctccgtcgc
gaagatggatcgtggtatagcaagaaaacgatgcaagtgatcaggtatggtgtacagagacactttttgg
acttgcataactttgatatccgtgacaaggcaacattctcacaaagtgtgagaatgtttaaagccgtctt
agtgaagctcaagaaggaaggcaaaggctccaccaagcacaaacccgcgatctcagctagtgacatggaa
atcatacaaaactcgtcggtgctcgattgtgacacgccagctggattacagaacaaagtcttcgtcgatt
ttatgacatacttctgtaatcgtggtcgagaaaatcttcgagaacttaaaccagacgattttcgacttga
gacagatgaagacggacttcgatacatcactaaaagagatcaattgacaaagaacaatcgtgaggatgat
gatgaggtgtcgaacaacggagtgatgtacgaaatacctggaagttcaaagtgtccagttgagagtttca
tgcagtttgtatcgaagctgaacaaagattgcccttttctatggcagaaaccaaaagcaaagaagccaga
agatggtgacaactggtactgcaatgctccagttggcaaaaacacaatgggaaataagatgaaacaaatt
tcccagaaagctggatgctcaaagttgtacacaaaccactgcttaagagcaacatgcatcacgactctgg
atagagccggtttcgagtctcgagacattcaatcagtgagtggtcaccacagtgagcagtcactcaggaa
ttactgtaacactagccacgagcggaagaaacaaatgtcctcacatcttgggagtcatctctacgagaaa
agaaacatcactttgcctagtgcaactcaatcggttccagatcctggtcctggaccaggtccaagcaggc
ctaatcgcgcctattccatgcacacgaccagacagccgcttgaaatagtagttccggatcgtgactcaga
taatgtagatgttcatgtgaattcccatcaacaactatctttttcgctttcgcaggagaaggtacaccag
gacctttcaacgacttcaaatacttttcaaatccacgattgtgtggtgaacatttataataaaccttaaa
tgttcaacttcaagacaagactttgtgtaggctaggcctagatctacatgtacatatgtttggctttgac
ttgagtttgactttgactatttcagctttttaaacaattctacatgtcatgatgtacattatcgctgttt
ggaagttgcactttggaawgacatttttagttttacctcgctggttcgggttctaagttaggcctagagg
ctaggcctacttcaagttctacgtagactcgagtctagacgttcattgttcmagttggagtttcaatttc
aagtttttctatgacctgttgcattgatttacaagtttatgatggatgatcctgwtgatataaaaggtaa
gactaaaaaagtaagataaaaaacaatgagttctagatctagaatctctacttagatctagaaatgtagt
gatctagactagtctagatcgtactcttagatgtagacctagtctagatctcattcttgagatgaggktg
atttatcaaataacaaggatccacgtcataattttataaaacaaataatacacatcattttgttcgggca
ttagtaacattacccacactcggtacctttgaaaaagtctaacccgccctcggctatcgcctcgggcggg
ttagacttttccaaagataccttgtgtgggtaattcttactaatgccctcactgctgtgtattatttgta
tattaatgcctctgtactamaca
>CryptonA-3_SK	CryptonA	Saccoglossus kowalevskii
gtttgtcagcgagcagaaaamggaatacggcgatgaaaacgaagcgtgaagtagctgtgtttaacgattg
gaagaagtctatgacacaagaaaagcgtgaccttaaggatataccaccatcccagctagatgctttgctg
tcgcaattttatcttggtattcgtaagaaaaacggcgacgaatatgagccggactccatatcattgtatc
aaaaatcgatcgaccggtatttgcgtgacaatgattacggggttagcatcattcgtggcgatgcatttgc
ttcaagtcgccgcacattggccgctaaaaggaaacattcaaaggcttctggatttggtaatttgcccaac
aaatcacaaccaatcacgaaagatcaagaggaggcgttactgaaagctgggcaacttggtgtagactccg
caacagccatcatcaacaccgtgtggtataacaacacgaagcttttcggtttgcgtggaaacaacgaaca
ccgtcagatggaatggggtgatgtagtcttacagagtgacgaaaatggcgagtttctagtatataatgag
agactcaccaaaactcgtcacggagagcctggtaatactaggagctttgcaccgaaggcgtatgctacac
caaaaacaccggacatttgcccggttcgtgcctacaaagcatacgcagctcatcgaccagacagaatgaa
ctgcagttcagcgccattctaccttggaattgagtatgtcccatgtaccattgctaagggaatatggttc
cgaaatcaacctatgggcataaataagctgactacgatcatgaagtcaatgtcgaaagcagcagacttaa
ctggcaaactgagtaaccacagcgcacgtaaaacctgtgttcaacggctccttgacgccggtgtaccacc
aaacacggcagcacaactaagtggacacaaaaatgtcagcagtctaaaccgatactcagttccaaataaa
gatcaccaacgccaaatgagcaacattttatccggaaaccaagactctttcaatccacgaccagcaagca
acatcacaaacgcagttgtggcgtgcagctcagcgacaaccgctgtcgacgaaagtcatcctgtcagtgt
agtaccgcagctgcacggcatgtttgccaatgcacagatctgtggaggaacatttaactttaacataaac
tgtgtatcacagtcgtccacttcaagttctggttctgtcgtggccccaactaaacgtccacgagttattt
attmggacagtgaatcagattwgacgcctgattattttattttcatacagacagtgacacgcgttcttca
ctgacacgcgttgctatgccgtatcaccatcttkgaacacattaatgagcastggggttcccggcctaaa
atccatcccggtttgttgcacgtcctttctttawtatgaaatmatcaaatatggaacawatgtaataata
acagaaccccacaccctgcccgtggctttcsttg
>CryptonF-1_ACap	CryptonF	Histoplasma capsulatum
ctagtggttatacgggggggggtttgggtggcgttataacccatgttactatgtatgttagccaagcccc
acgataactttttagtgtttaattatataccgtacatacattcaaccccacttgattcataccgtacgag
caggcatcatccttcaagaatagatttttaagcacccctgctctgtattcttcatcatgacatctctagc
tgactgtacagaggtggagcggcagcttcagatcagcaaagacctcttttcgtacggggaaaaggccctg
gccctggccctgcagaatcgaccaaagaataccaataagcagtatctccccaagcagagagaatggcggg
tgggtggcactgcttccctgcatccagattgatcattctagttctaactcctatctcttcgtacaggact
tctgcaaggagactggctttgaagatggggagatggtgacagagagaaagctggtctggtttctggagga
gaaggtgctttgtcgtccactgcagggctctgtttataagagcaagagagctcgtacggacagggatggc
aacactgtgctgcagactgtgggtaagagcacagtcaagctatatgtggcagccgtggtggatctgtaca
gatttcagaagagcagaggaatcaactcctctgatcatccacgtggacagctggtcagtgcagttctttg
tacgcatgaaaccaaggagtctgtacgaaagcgggcacagtatgtggatcggggggccaatactctgcag
gatggatacaatgagaagatgatgattcatctgatgaagttctgctgaactggctggtataaaaatgatc
aaacatctgtgatgagccatctttgtacagagctgaacttcctcatgaatcacaacatgcttctgcgggg
ggagacatcccgtacggcacagctgcctgaccttttcacccttcagctttcaaatgaggggcccactcca
tgctggcctatgattctcatcacagataatggcaagaccaaccagctggggcggctgaagtatgctgctg
tgatgagacataagaatcctctactctgtacaatatctcatctggcattctatctgttctaccgctggaa
tattgtacgggaaagtcttccagactttcgaagacgctctctctggtatgatatccaccttctctgtgaa
caggatcccttcaagcctctttcgtacgatactcagcttcagtgggtcaatcgcatgtatgcagcagctg
ggcttctgtcaagcaagaagactcatcttggtcggagtcaggggttcagatatgctgaactgaatggggt
gtcagagggtcagattcgccgggctggccgatggaataatgatgctctgaccaactgctatctcaccaat
atcccccgagagttcgtacgagcaatggcagggtttgaaccacagactcagggcaactactttcttcctc
gagccaccatccccccccccgaagcagctggaggctgccatctggccatgggtggatgtctggctagata
gatttgattcgtacgagagattgagccagaaacagagacagacacagaggagggaaagagaagcagcaga
aatggaagaagtgaaggagacagagcaagaattgccagagaatgaacaagacttagcagctcagggattt
ctgcggctgctgaagcagcttcatacagtgattcttcaggactctgtgcttctgcagaggcagttccctg
accaccctctatggtcagatgctctcttcgtacgagaggattatcagaagtatactcttcagattgttca
ggctcttgagacagctgtggagcctcagaagattcagattcagcgagtagtatctgtcattgctgatcag
ctgaaaaatgtgcgacaggagatgattcagtccattgataagtggggttatgagaatcaacagctgcagc
aaaagatggctcagcagcttgctgatctagttgatggtcaaatcaccttctccatacaggcagttcctca
gagctctgctgctcagaattcagtgatgaatctggctgccattccctctgctttctctctgccctcctct
tcttctactctttccagagacatcgtacagaggtcagtggagtcagagatggagatgagacaatcatcat
ctaacaatgctgaatctgtggatctgacagccacacttctcacctcttcccggacaggaaatggctattc
tctttcccgtacaatacagtcagtgcctgatctgtggcgggagtggaccactggtctggggggtggtcca
tcagtgcagagcctggaggatcagggaggcagctggcgcaagggctcctccaaggagcagatgatgttct
gccggcgaaagatcatcatcaatgagattcgtacgcgtgtgtcctctggtatgactgtcagtgctgctgt
ggaatctctggagctgatccgccagcgggggaagctctctcttaataaattgacagagctgttgaaaaga
cagaggcagctctagagaacctgtcatttcctttctcttcatacggagttgctgggactttgactttata
taataatatagatagagtgtatttttagatggattagagtgtactgctagctagctaatgcagctctgct
cttcattgtatgaaggtttcctactatacagtgtattctctcactacagctggctatcgtacgaagacaa
cagagggtggtgagctgattgatgggggtggatgaattggcagattgatgatgatgacaaaagcagtgaa
ttgcatctgcttctttgcacccactcatctctctataataatatcctcttctcctctctctcctcttctt
cttttcttcttctttcaacacaccatcatatcaaccatgtatgtacaaagctctgacagattgcttcatc
aactagatatcagatatcacaacactaactgccctcttctccgtacgatatagagctctctccctcctcg
gtctctctggccctcagggcccccatcgcatcctcttcgtggctgatcaacagctgagtcccttcaccca
cagtccacaatccagggcagtcctggctctcccagggcaagatgtaccctttgtacgaggcagcatgaca
gagctgcaggttcgaagccaccggccatcgtacatcaatgccattctcattcaatctcgcggccggacgg
agccacatgcatgccttgcctgccggagtgctcatccaggtcttcggccattccccagaatgccgtcgcc
tgcctggccactttggtggagcttgtggcaactgcaaatggcgtgatcatgccattcgctgctccgtacg
agatggggaaggggtggaggtgatagagattgtggatgatgatgatgatgaggaggatggccctcaacgg
cggatgaggggtccctctggacagcagctgctcacagctggttcaacacctgctgctcctataatccttg
attagctctctctctctggtatgtacaatctcttttctctttctctttctctttctctttctcttctgga
ggggcaggtatgtattatttctatttactccagtcatacggagtctgtgtatgacacctagacatgatct
gcacctctacgttggtgtctaggactagtagcccatatggtgaagccaagcaggtcatatagatagaaga
aagatagaggaaaggtagctagctagctagtcagatctatatcaatcaatttttacccacaatatttttc
ttcagccaatcatcttgtacagagctccaataactgccaagataacatgccaagcagaccccccccgtat
aactcagttatccagggggggtttggctggggtggcgtccgggataacctggttatttgggggggtcatg
ttataacgccgctaacgcgccccgtggataact
>CryptonF-1_CGlo	CryptonF	Chaetomium globosum
gccgcggagagcaagcggcgaaaatgaaggtcacgtgacctggtgttgtatgacgtgaccttccaaaatc
gcttgggaaaagcgtcccccgaccgcgcgtgcgcgtgtctcgtgcgtgccagctactacttactacctac
ttcacagccacggttgtcagcctccagagctttctcatcctcttcatcctcttcattctcttcatgctct
ttacccgactaccatggcggctactgcaattgaggatgctcgcatacgcgaagccatggaatattacctt
ctgaacctggccggcacagtaccccagaacacagtcagggcttacaaacccaaacagcgagagtggaagg
tgtgcgctggtccctcgacgaccttttagatcttgaacttttcctttgctaatttcaagaacgtcattga
aggagtggtgcgccaagaactgggagccgatccctgaagattgggctaccggacagtcaacctggccgct
agggcgaccactgcctggcgatctcgtcgatgaaggcaaactactacttttcatgaagacggaggtcata
agtcgagcaccctggagaaggcctcgacttcagaagcagaggaaacgccgcttggatgctgctgtggcag
taggacaagttgtcgccgcgaaacggcgccggcgcgaggagagttacgttccccagccgacttactagcc
cccacccccccaccccccccccctcccgtcccgtctatgctcccttgctaacccttgcggcaggcgagac
catcgaagtcgctactgctccggcggcagcggtagagaccaaggtcgaggaggaggacgagcccttgatc
gctgcgccggctctcgagctcgcctacaactccgtgcgtatatatatcgcagcgatgcagaggctgtatg
acgagcagaaaagccggcacattaacccmgcgcctcggccacaagggatagctcttaaggctctgaagaa
gagtatcctcgccgtcgtctgggctcgcaagcgcaaggagtattcggaccgtctcgaagggacgatcaaa
gacacttatacaaaggcacaaattccgcgacaccacgaggttgcgtggcgagaagacagtggcgagatct
cgtgccttctccggacacaggtggactttctgtttggcaaccacatgctcctccggcagagcaatcgccg
gcccatggagctccctgactgctttcgtctagagctgcccaacgagggccagaagtcgaaagaatttcca
acgtatgccctcgtcgtcgtcatgaaccagggcaagacgaaccagcacggccggatggagtatggcgcgg
ctctacggcaccgcgacgcccgttgctgccttgtcagcgcattggccttttatctcttttggcgttggca
ggtcgagcaagtagagccgtttcccaccttccagtgcagcgaggactggtacgatatcaaggtcttgcgc
cggtcggcaaaggaagcgacgaaggagctttcggcccagaccgcaaattcgtggacgtcgaggctgtacg
ccgcctgtggcatcaggacttctaagatttcacatgctcctcgggttgcagcggcacaaaacgccgacat
ggacggagkatcagaaggacaagtaagtcgagagcgcgcttccgatttctggtctttttttcaccatctt
gttgttataccttgtttccatgtttacgggsggagactggacccagttgttcacgcctcctcctggcacc
gttcgtctacttccagtcctccctgttgtgtgatccctaccgcttggcccgactttctatagagatgctg
attttttgtgtaaaccagatacggcgcgcgggtagatggaataacggtgaccagttgacagggtgttacc
tgamcagtttaccctttgagtttatgaggtctacggctgactttgaccccgactggtccgggtcatactt
cctaccgcgggacaccgtcaagccgccattcgagctttgtgcacgcatctggccctctctcgacaggtgg
aaagasatatacaatacaggatcttcgagcatggaaacgaacaaggctaccggcgcgtttttcgagcttc
tcgactggttmcgagaggtgttgctacaggacgccgtcttcctccagaagctatacccccggcatcctct
atttcaggacccggtcttccaaagcccacagtttgcatcgttcgcactgcaggtcgagaacgcctgccac
gcggccgaggaagacagttatgtggccaccattgatcgagccatccccgccgtcgccgagaagctacgcg
ccctatcgagccaacagactgccgcgaacctctggaccgaaagggcgtttgtcgagcttaggsagcaggt
tcaaaggctggagaagaagatggaggagcttgccaaagcctcatacaccattacgatcagcccggggcgg
agtaccgtcacacaacgggtcgggatgccaaagcgtgggcggccaagggcgccgggccgcgcgccgacgg
cgacggcaatggcaacggcgccacgagatgacagcaccgctcccgttccaccatcttcttccaacgcagc
agaggcagagcgsggggccgttctgcagcctgatacagcgactcggctgccgttgccaccagtcgmgccc
agcgtgcccagcgcgcccagcgcgcccagcgtgcccaggtttgaggtccctttggatattcgacgtatcc
cggatttgtggcacttgtggaggtatgggagggctggcatgccttcagtagagtcactagaggccaggta
tggcgctgcttggcgccccaagtcgcagaagtccgtcttctgcggccggaaggcaattgtggacttcatt
ctgcgcaagtcgcgcgagcgggacggcctgcagagcgcggccgaacacgcaccacgcgttattgcgcaaa
tggaggagctgtgccccaaatggtccctcgacaaggtgacgaaagctatcaagaacggggatctggagcg
gagatggccgkcggaggcgtgaaaaaggcttcttttctctagccgtggtgtggtggttgcatgatggcgg
atagatacagkagttagtcagatagcgaacctatktaggtatgcaactgcctaccctgcctaccctgwaa
ctgcagtgattttattgcgagatgcggaaatcccatggtgttgaatgagcstgaagaggagcgaactaga
ctatgtacattacatccagacttagcgggcatggcaccctgaaagatggggaagcccagcagtgttgagc
stgaagagtwgcggggtagcggaatctagtaggcatgtggcaccctataattccatttttcagggtgcca
ggcccctgggtgtaagcaaaaaaacccgtgcatctcagcaaccacggcgatgcagggctcgtggagtgta
ccgatcgatgcgmctcgwcgagtcgcatcgattgacacggttttgcaatgggatctaaggggtggcggtc
gcgcaatacccagggctgcgaaaaaatacatctccggatggtgatatcaagggcttggcggttttttgcg
gggttctccaaaaacgcgccatacgtt
>CryptonF-1_CI	CryptonF	Coccidioides
taactagcggwtagatggggggggtttagtgtgggtgatcacccaggttgctgcctggttactgccaagc
cgccaaataacctgtttggaccagggagggtgggaggtagattatataatcagtacagagtgatcaagat
caccaaccttttcagctccatctcaatccattctgtattgtacaggagcttctgcttctgatgaatctac
attaattgacatactctctgcaacactagacagcatggccactccaactctgaacagccagtctgccctg
atggtggagatggaggcacgcgtacggcatgcacttgatagcgccctggatgcccggccaaagaagaccc
ggatgcagtatgagtcgcgccagaaggagtggagggtagatatctgtattatatgcattctcttgttgat
tcttgctctcttctgccctgttctcatgccgtacaaggcatctgcattggcctggctgacaccctctggc
ttctacttgctagcatttctgccggacgaagagcttccagaatgaagagctggtgacagagcagaagctg
ctctggttcctgtctgaatgtgtggttggccgtccagccaaaagatcctgccattcccgcgaccgtacaa
atgagaatggagagcctgttgtgcaaaccctgggccaatcattcatcaaggcctacaagactgcaattgt
caatctctggagctactaacggagctgtcgtacaaactctcaccctcatccagttggccaggccgtccgg
gccctgcttgaaacccattcaagacagaagcatgaacgcaagaaggcagagtttgtggattgcggcgcag
gaaccctgctggatggatatcatgagaagaacattgtacggctggttgagtactgctggcagggctggtc
agagttcaaaaaaggccagtcagtggagccacatctccgcactgcagtggactttctaatgggccacagc
atgcttctccgcggtgaatcccgccgtacggcacagctggctgatctcttcaccctggagctgacaaatg
aaggcccaacctcttgcttccccatgattttgatcatgggaaatggcaagactaaccagatgggccggat
tgagtatgctacagtgatgcgccatcgcaacctcttgctctgcaccatggcacagacagtcttttacctc
ttctaccgatgggacattgtacgagagccaccaccccagttccacaaccgccaggactggtaccagctgc
acctgatcaagagagatgatgtgaggaagcccctgtcgtacgagatccagctggactggattcgacgcat
ctacagtgggacagggctttctggcctgaagaagacccatgctgggcgagctgctggagccaggcatgca
gagcaggttggggtcagtaagggccagatctgccgtgctggaagatggaacagtaatgctctcagccagt
gctatctgactaacatctccagaaagtttgtacgggccatggctggctttgactcccgcacacctgggaa
cttctacctgccgcgggccagagtgcctgtgcctgagtcactggagcgcgctgtctggccctgggttgac
gactggatgcggtggtttgagtcgtacgatgtccagaaccccaactcctgcctccagaggccagagctga
gaagattttcagatcagagtggttcttgagaccagcccaggggatcttctgctgtgcagctggatagaga
tgatctggctgctcaagagtttctacgcctgctccatcatctccgtacggttctcctgcaggactctgtc
attcttcagcctctcttctccggccaccccctgtggaccagccctgtattcatgagggagaactatcgtc
agtttgcagaggcagtccggatggccaacacccacaaagagaagccgtacgaaatgcagctgcagcagac
agtgcccatggtggcagatcagctgcgcattgtacagcaggatctggatgtggcctgtggtcatttacat
actgctctggaaacaggactgcaaaaaattaacaaccagttagaagcactgaccagtgggcaggtttctt
ttcttgtacgagcatttcctgctggttaaagaatgatgacagcagctgctgtctttgaagataaagatga
agagagagacagtggttctacagcattcagagaagcacaagctccagcctgtttattagagatagctcca
gcctctgctagtgcctctgttccagccacataccagctttctcgtacaatcactacagtcccagatctgt
ggcaggaatggacagttggtctggagggtggcccttcagtacagagtctagatgtcttgtacggagcaaa
atggcggccaggtggcacagagagaatgttctacagcagaagaaagatgattattgattatattaacaga
cagagacaggggagtgccagtggcagtgctgctgtagagaaactagagcttgtacagcagcgtgggaagc
tcagtttgaacagactatccagaatgctgtaagtgaaaaagaaactgctctgattcttattatggcaaac
cctgtccatcatacccagcacggcccgtcgtacgataggaagataaagaagaagagatgctgaatacatg
atggtggtttgcttggcttcacctcttagagctactggttctggacactgtatagaagtgcaaaccatgt
ccaggtgccgtatacagggcctgtacaactaggcaagagcagttgagaaaaatcacaaagaaaagaaaga
aagcagacaagccagaaaagaaagttcatgcatatctagtttaagatgatagaattgctctgagagccat
tctctggcttctcaggctcctcaatctcgtacgggaagaccgacggcggatctccagagcggagcggggg
ggaattggtttcaacatgaatgggatcatttgctgtcccactctcaagaagaagaattgggcgggcagga
gacagttccaggctggccctgctgtctgatgtgtgtgggtggccagcagctctgtacgaactcggttctc
tgtcatcatatctcactgcagattctggcctgccatgcagagagcagcggaatgcatagtctggccattt
gcagttcccgcatgcgtctccaaagtgaccgtacgcacggcggcacaatgggaatggggccatgggctcc
atctctgtgcatctgttgcagatactgctccagtgcaaagttctcccgcgtgactggatcagaattgcat
tgatgtacgactggcggtgcatgttaatctggtagaggaagattcgtccgagaacaaactccacatttct
ttctggttgagcaagcagtcgccgtgactgagaggagtgaacgtacggggccagctgattctgtccaaca
aagagacagagtggttgatcatcagtttgggcccggacagcagcttcagcaaggtcctgctccatctggt
cagagtggaagggggtccatcgaacaagcgctctatattaacgagtcagcgccttcttctcgcattccac
caacacacagggccgtacagacattttctttctcagatttgtgggggggagaggggggaggggcaagcag
agatcttagcggcggagaatgttgtagcgacacgaaattgtgaaattgttctgtgagtcagtcagcttgc
tatcgtacgattgatggatgatggctgatgcataatctacaggaagactcacgagagaagcaaagcaata
gtggcaatgaaggctctgatgaacaggcttagagtaaaagaaagagagaagaggagagaagagaagagaa
gagaagaaagaaagaaaaagaaaatctgttgtcaagacgatgcttaatctactgtttactgattctgata
ctacctgccgtacggtgtatcggtatggtgtatataaacaaacagagcatcggggcagcatcacggctgc
atcaggcgctggtgctgagcagcactgctacacacacactctgccccgtacgggatagagaatagtataa
tcatactatgtaggcatctagctatctacagaacctatatttgcctgctctacaggaccttctctgagat
ccccagctgctgacctgagctatcacagatggtcggtcggtcgtccggtgggtgcaccccgatactgctg
ttccagccgtacagcgctgtctgaaagacctctgtaataaagaactctcactggtccaaatggctgactc
agcaccaccctctgtaccagctagtatgcaaccgccaagataaccgtacgacgccaaccccccagaaaac
ctggttatttttgcggtcttgctgactaaccccctgtctaaccaggttacatggggcgcctgggtagtaa
cccgccgcaacctgccaccccgctaacta
>CryptonF-1_MC	CryptonF	Arthroderma otae CBS 113480
taactagtggttatatgggggggggtccgggtggtgttataacccgggttactacgtacgttatgccaag
ccgcagtgtaaccgattatgtaagcagttatagctttattgcgtattaccgccactcaggcctcttagcc
cagctctgctctactctgctctactctctctactccccccccctgtacccctgtatatttcgtacataca
atgggctaatgcggccaaataagtgaacagataggtatttaccttactatataccgcataccctatttcc
gacctttatattaccccctttcctcgtccagaatggaccgtgcagacggcagcatgagtgccctggaccg
gcagtccaatatcaacgttgccctgttcgagaaccaggagcgtacgctcctatatacccaaaagaaccgg
cctaagaatacgcagatcgcgtacagtgcccggcaggaggagtggagagtatatacttccctttcttact
actatctcccgtctcttatccccccggcctggctccctatcaggctgatatatatatatccttatgtccc
actgccgcatgtctacaggctgactgtacggtatatcgatcgattccaatcccaataggcatggtgccaa
agggttggatttgcggacggagagattgtgtccgagccgaaactaaatatgttcttgcaggaggaggtta
tgtacagagaaatcaggccatctcgatataagaagagccgtacgaatatagagggggagtccgttaaaca
gacgctatcagaggcatcgatcaaggcgtacattgccgctctggtggacctctggggcgtacaggtcagc
atgaggacaaatacccatgcatcccccaggggtgcactggtaaagggcctgattcgtacacgcagacagc
aggagtcaaagaggaagagggagcagtacgaggaccgtggcctcaactcccttcaggatggatatacctc
tgctgaattcgtacggctcatccgattctgctggtcctctgggtacaacgtttctggccagctggagccg
ttcctccgtacggcggccgaccttctccttgctcatacccttctcctccgtggtgaggtacggcgtaagg
ttcaaatggccgacctctttaccctgactctggataatgagggcccaactccctgccatgccatggttgt
acttatagataatggcaagacgaaccaggatggccgccgcgagtacggcactgctgtacggcataagaac
ccccttctctgtacgatggccagtattggcttctacttctttatgcgctggaatattatgggggagacac
cacccaacttccagcgccgggagctctggtacgaccttcttgtcatcaagggccagagtaatgtcaagcc
aattgcgtacgagacccagctgcagtggtcaaaccgtgtgtacaaggggatcggccttgggataaagaag
aagacccatgctggacggtcccagggggccaagtttgctgagttggcaggagtaaatgagggccagattc
gaagggctggacggtggaattctgactctcttacaacttcctatcttactaatattcccaggaagttcgt
acgtgcaatggcaggcttccagccggtagaaacaggggcgtactatctgccgcgtacaaagattgagccg
cctgcatccctcaagcaggcactctggccttgggtcgatgagtggctgctctggcaggcctcgtacaccg
gctctggctctgaggacgtacagctgcctccagagtcagtgaggttcgatagtgggaaggtggaccacgg
ggatcttgcctcgcaggggttcctctatctgcttgactatcttcgtacagtcattctgcaggactctgtt
ctatttatgcaggagttccccggccatccaatatggagccactccctctttgcacgggatgactacctct
gcttctcccagcttgtacgagactccctgatagatgtggaggagccgcaggatgtccagcttcgccgtac
ggttcctgccattgccacgcggctgcagaccattgagcagtccattgtgcagactcttaaggtatcagag
gagcggaatgttggattcctacagacaattgataggaatatcaaggatatagtggacggtacagtgtctt
tcaccgtacgagccaatgctccaggctcgcctctgtccgctgcggccactgccaccgccactgccgcctc
cactccatatgccactcctaggtgtatgcatggagccattccccatccttccttgtccccttcctgctcc
cctcaccccccctcttcctctgctgtagcagccgctccccatactggccccccgcccctttctatgggct
tctctcaatcccgtacgattgggaccgttatggatctctggcgagagtgggctgagggccttggtggccg
gccgtcggtacggagcatggaggaggcatatgggcctagatggcgccgccaccgtcctggggagagcatg
atgttctcccgcaggaaggtagtggttgatgagatcgtacggaggcagcgcgtacagaagaagagcctgt
ccgttgttattgaggagctggagacagtacgggtaaagcatggcttctcattaaatgccttggtcaagca
cctcaaggagataaggaagctagcctaagggagtcagtataggatatctaatatagaatatagaatatgg
attggtgtacgctactctgttccttaccgatatatatttttaaataggattggcctctggccttgataga
tatacgtagtaataaaaaaatactcttttcttatacttatactctatatattaaggtgttgcttgtacgt
tgttactagaagaaaggcttcctaatcgggttaggctgtacacgctctcgctacacgttgatatcagctt
tggcctcacctcctccctcttttctccttctcttccttctcctccttagcctattccacgtacacgtccg
gtaagtcatcccttttggacactattctatcctctctgtactcgtttcatcgtccagagccgagctgcag
cctatcctgccatctaggccacgtctgggagtccttgtactgatatccggcctgggaatatgtgtacaga
atagaatatcaggtatgttatgccctccccctcccccctcccctctcccccctcccccttatctgccctc
tgccctctgtacgatgcagcaggcatagatatagagagggaaaggggggaataaatactatttgtacagc
cataggccatagtatactaactaggtgggtataggatagattccaatcaattagtacccctatactcttt
ctctcctcttttttttcctcttttgagatgtaagtacggcctattatctataatatcctatctatccgtc
cataatatagcatatattagtaaggatatactaataaaagatgggataataggccttttaacaacaacac
tgctggggacgggatgtaagttatatatctagcaccctcccccaccctactccgcccctatccctatcta
atactgtacaatgcacggcacgggtatactgacatggatatagggcccttgtgctgtacgaccgccagat
cgcccggatgacggacacgcctggtatcctcagggtcggtggccaggagcttgccccgtacgtccacaat
gacttgggccgtgcggtattgtccctcccgggactccatgtgcgctatgtgccgtacagcatagatgcac
ggcaaatactatcgcatcgggcctcgtacattaacggcctgctggtccaatccagagggaggcctgaggt
gcatgcctgtaccgactgtcggggacgtacaggtctcaggcctttcacagagtgcgtccggctccccggc
cacttcggcggagcatgtggtaactgcaagtggcgcgatcgtgcctcccactgctccgtacgggacgaga
tacagcaggcacgtacggaggtcatagtcctggacgatgactctggggatgaccgccaggtcattgacct
aacgggcgatgggccggtacgacggccaagggccaggataactggaggaggaaatgggtcttcggccagc
agggccattgtgcttctttaaatgggtaaggacatgatttcattgatatctttggactgagtgactgcgt
tccatttggatttggggcttttgccctactgcacccatcccagccgtacgggccctgtgtacggcaccct
gggcatggcctgcacctctccgtggtgcctgggacgagtagtcgagcttcaatgtacgccctcagcctgc
atcttgcagtgcaatgatggatgggcagggagcatgtacaagaagagctcgatgaaactaagcaggccag
gccttatataatgattacatgtacgttgattgattggatgagcttacttgtactaaaattaacctgaggc
ataacttgctgctcgccaagcggccatataacccggttatatgggggggcgcaggcgtacggcaggcagt
tgtaaccgggttatatggtgggcaagttataacctgcgctaacttacaccttctataccta
>CryptonF-1_NF	CryptonF	Aspergillus fischeri NRRL 181
ggtccgwgttacgctagagccctcagawgcaggggttattttgtatgcagttatcgctcagttactcgct
taaaagtgatgtatgaggtctgggaacgcgtccgccctcagtagctacgcgtaggtatgagcatccagcc
tctatttacccaccaccacctttgtccatataccattgcatcgwgtccmgctgwccaatggagagtaaag
tcacagaaacagacgcgctwttgcgcagtgtcgctggcctggtcgtcagcgtcgatwgcgctatggascg
gctcttgagcctccttccaaggacagctcccatacaggctcccgaaatcgcgacmcctgagawtgaggct
ccccgaccggaagatattwctatwcggagagctcttgatgaggtcctcgagtatcatagggctcaccggc
ctaagaatataacaaagaactatgagccaaagcagaaggagtggaaggtaggtataggcttctctaactt
twactataagtgctaactttgaagtcctaggcctggtgcagaaakatgggcttcaaggwgggcggcagat
acctaccaggagattatgttgatgatgggaagctcctcctctttattaaagatgaagtagccaatcgccc
tccacgctgaggacagaggcttaaggcagagagggagcgcaagaggacggcggcagcagcagagctgaca
tcaagagkgcctccstccaagcggaagaggggaaagaccagtgccccstctgcagcgtctggagagctgc
ctgttgagggcgatgatgwtgatgatgatgacaaggcttgctctgaacttgtactcatgtacaatacagt
gcggagctattgctctgccattaatgagctmtgggcacatcagacctcatcagggctctataatgcagcg
cgaccacagagagtagctatgactgctctgaagacatcaattgcccaaggccagcaccaacgccggcgck
atgagttcacagaccgtgggctggctactatacgagatggktacgttgcctctcggatacctgaccttac
aagaaaagtctggggccagtgcctmgggcagaatcaggttgagcggcagtttcgtacacagctatgcttt
cttttcggcaactccatgcttctaaggctaagcaactgcctgccgatggagttgccagatctattctcaa
tgccmctgcctaatgagsggccgaaaggcagaggctggtgccttgtcactgtgmtggaccagggtaaaac
aaaccaacatggctgacttgagtmkggggccgctctacagcatcgcgactaccggtcctgtctcataggt
gctctggccacctatttcttctggagatggcactgttctggagagtcattcccttgtttctagaccagtc
aagactggtacaatatcaaagtgctcaagagagacaataaccaccttactgagcccctgagcgacascac
agcagcatcctggacccagcgcttatatagtgaggcagggatcaagagccctaaggtgacacacgcggga
cgggtctctggggctaggcttgctgagctaaacggggtctctgaagatcaggtaawkaagctctgctatt
ttctatctwctwagctaacctctggcccstagattcgccgtggtggtcgstggaatgcagatcaaatgac
tggctgttacttgactactctgcctcgagcctttatgcgtggtattgctgactttgaccctgactggtca
tcaagctattacctacctcgagaggctgtstgccctccaccagcattgttaaatcgcgtgtggccagacc
tkgataggtggcaagcagcacatttagaaagggcggatgtgactgaaagagtagagccaaaccttgctgc
tggtggatttctasggctcttgcagaggctcagggctgcattcctacaggactctgtactctggcggatg
gagttccctggccacccaatattccgagaccccctcttkgagacagcggagtacaaggcctttgagctag
atgtccgcggggctattactacagctgtggaagaagatccmcattctattgctattcaaaaggcagtccc
agctgtgaacgaccggctctgtacaatgactgcagtcattcagagtggacaggttacccattcttaagcc
ctccgctcactagagggcttaatggtaagccgaatagaacaactaacmsgtgctattaacgactctgttg
gtggcacctttacctgccagtttgtgcctagaagccagattgttcctcctcctgtaksaggagccgcctt
tagccctacagcgcctattcaactgcctgtgatggcgcttgagaaagcctcacaggtaccgcaatatcat
atgtcaaggacmattcgaacaatcccagacctgtggcaagagtggactgttaggctcaagggccagccwt
caattgagaggctcgatgacctctatggctccggctggcgctcagggcctgaaaagtccgctgagcgcca
gttctattctckaaggaagactctcattactgagattagaagactggctgctgctgaggatccttctktt
ggggatccctatcaaaaagtagtagcatagttagaggaasagcggatacaagctggcgcttcactgagca
aggcgatagatgctttgaaaaagccataagtgcatgatgacggatgaccaactaggaaaaagctactcac
cagaccwtcacctgattgtttatccctttwcctctcttcaacgagttcttctgtatactagcctagttat
agccagsgwagsctccagctctgaacaataccatacttaatttccttgccktgattggctwmtagccgaw
aaagactccatatttggtggaacktcgttaacttctgcatttcwgmatatcttttcttctaatttgagta
tgatctawgactacatgtsaatattcctggtccawgktttctaagctkttgacaaggtggttgttgataw
atcatgatctkaatatwtcccacatcattggtattggtsttccggggcagttaccgaaaccgcsctgtaa
ctcagttatgcaccactaaaaggcccctcagatatccttctg
>CryptonF-1_PI	CryptonF	Phytophthora infestans
gataatgagtggttatcttcttaggggtagggtatcctatacttggttgcactaagtgttggggacgagg
tccctctgtgaagacggaccgtcgtgaataggtaaaacctatgctacggaataattatatgttaagtgtg
cggtctacactaacgttgtagagacaccatggagccaccaggactgcaggtcgaactcgaagagagcgcg
catgcgaccctggaccgctgtcgtgaagcacgaccggccaacacgatacgagcgtatgcaccgaaacagc
gagaatttaaggcatggtgtgaaagaaaaggtttccacgagactactcggtaccaggttactgcagccaa
aatgcacttgtttcttcaagaagaagtggtcgatcgacaagtccgcaccaaaggttcagcccgcaaagtt
agtgttgctacagtagaaatgtacgtgaatgcagtctcagatttgtacagcgatcagcaaagccgagggg
cgaattcgcacccgcatcctcgcaacagtctcattaaagggttgttgacgtcgctgaagcgggaaagcca
cgccaagaacaagcgagagtatgcggatcgcggagttggttcgctgttagatggatattgcacgacgaat
gatctcgtttccatttctcgttactatatgaacctaaatactggcagtgacttgcgcaacagaatgagcc
atttcctttgccacgcgtgtcttctaagaggtgaatctgcgcgtaatttagatttaccagacttgttcag
cgtgatattggaacatgaaggatttacagagtgtcgagcgttagtgatgatcatggaacaaggcaagaca
aatcagtttgggcgacgtgaatttgggtcttgtattagacatcgcaatgtggaggtgtgtcctgtaggtg
ccctcgctctgtatctcttctggcggtggtctgtacaaaaggaagcggttccagattttttagtgcctga
acgatggtacgacattaagctactcaagtcaaacaaagacatcacaactccaatgacataccgtgcgcat
tacgacgctaccgttaaagcgttttctgcgctagggatgcgctcgaaggccaagacccatgccgctcgag
ggtcaggtgccagaatggctgaactggctggtgctacggaatcacagattagacgattaggaagatggaa
tgcatctgcaatggagggatgctacctgagcgctttaccacgcgaagctatgcggtctcttgctggattc
cctccggataggcgcacatttttcttggatcgagcggcaatcgatcccccagaatgtctcctgcgcgacg
tgtttccgtttgttgaaacctacatggcagcttacatgcaacagtcagcaccacacgtagcaaccggagg
gtttctggagttgttactataccttcgggtggtgcttcttcaagacgcggttcagctgcgcgaccttcac
cccacacacaagatatggatgcacccaccgtttaactcgacaggatttgactcatttgcattggaattaa
aagcaaaaatgctcactgaaaagtcgccacagacaacgcatttacacgaagttgttccagacttgatgga
ccacctaaagcagcagcagcagcaaacaatagcgcacatcgacaacaagatcaacgagatcagtacatca
attaaccatatagcgacagcattttcacgacttacatcggggtcttcagcggtccgtcttactgttgact
ggggatcagcacaatcatcaacttctacccctgttgctgcgtctcagcatgcaccattgcctccaactta
caagttagtgagatccataaaaacagtgcaacaagtttggcaagaatggacgaccggtatccatggaggt
ccagcggtacgcgacctggaggagcgctacggctcaaactggcgcaacagccccgcagaaaaacgtttct
tctttcgtcgtaagcgaattattgatcgtgttactctggtggcacaacaacagcatgttagtgaagcaca
ggcagtgtgcattctcgagggccaacgtacacagtctcagcttactctgaacgcgttgagtgagagttta
aaaggccggcagtaatctgtcaaaggcacgaatacatacagtaatttgttaaaataacatttgtacgcgt
cagcgggataccacaaactcaaacctttaacgccatacataactccctaatttaccttcgtgtatgcctt
tcttggtgtactgcatgtcatgtcgaccgcacagtgccccaacgactcaatcgccttcttggttatcacc
taccagagcgaagtagcctcccgtctcgtactctccatgttgagcttgagcagctgtctccaccacctct
gcagcgacggatccgacctccaccgacgtgtcgatgtcgtctgtctgaagcttcgtctccgcaggcacag
cagcctcctccagcacgtcaggtgccgtctccgttgtctccgctgcacggctatcatcactcaccacggg
ctccatggcaatcgctgcaccactcaccacgtcggtgaccagattctccatggccgcctccacgtccggg
tctgccacgatcgtctcggtcgctggctccaggacctccggttcgtacacgctgatagcagcgcctttca
tcgcactcactgcatctacgatctcttctaccacggcgacggtctccaccacctctgcagcgacggatcc
gacctccaccgacacagcctccacgacgggttcgggcgcgtccggcacccttgatacctgcaagagctcg
tctccttccgcgcccatttccggctctgtctcgacagcacctatcgtttcttcaattacacccgtaggtt
tcgccacagtccccgtcagtgtcgtcgctaccgccagtgctaccgtagccgccaccgtcgcagccaccat
ccgccgcccaaggggccatcacctcccacaagaacgacggagtctttcgccacgtcggaattttttctgt
tgtttctttttttctgtcagtccggatgcaatccggataactgctgttatcaactgccatccacttcaga
tagttgcctatctggagggacgggacagggacgagatggtgacgcagcaagggacggcatccctcgtcca
cttccgataat
>CryptonF-1_PR	CryptonF	Phytophthora ramorum
actcgtctgtgtcgacggccatgtcgtgacccaggtcactgggagtcacagaagtcacgcccagacactg
gctgtttttgtgcataaatagaatagacacagaatgtatcaactgcggttagggttatttttataatatc
aactagcacaagttacattgtgaaaccgtgttaatatcaatcacatgtcattccatgttgtgttgaatta
tcacacattttcacacttaatgagcacctgtgaaagcgtgtgaataacacgaaataaaatctgggaaaag
gcggttctgggagaggggcgccgcggaccggacatccactcattccaagatttgccgatggcggagaacg
cagcacgagcgatcgccaacaacgccgccgtccaaggcgccgtgcagcaagttgtagcggacagcctcca
gcggcgtgcgcacaacaccaggcgcagctacgagccgaagcagaaagaatggctaggctggtgtacaacc
cgagcgttcatcgacggtagtatcgtcacggagggaaagcttctgctttttctgaaggaggtggtgcgtc
cgcgaggctcacgacgcatggaaaatggagaggtcgtccccctctccgcagagggcctgaaagggtacgt
caaagcgatggttggcctgtacagcacgtagcagtcgttaggggttggacccgtgccccacccacgcgga
aaagctctctctgagaatctgcggacgcacaagcgggaacgagccaaacgcaagcgcgagaagttcgacg
accgtggtaagggaactgttcaagacacctactcgattgatcagttgaaaaacgttgctgagtacttcat
ggcgcagaaatcgggacgcgggcttcgggatcgcgtcgatctactgtttggacacgctcaaatggcgcga
ggagagacaacacggaatctacagttgccggacctcttctctatggagcttccgaacgagggcccaacga
catgcgtggccgccctggccgtgatggatcaaggcaagatgaaccaattcggccggatcgagtatggagg
ctgcatccggcatcgcgacgtgatggtgtgaccgattggagcgttggctatgtatttcttctggcggttt
catgtgctcggggaggcgttccctgatcttcaggagcggtcgtcgtggtacaacatccagctcattgatg
gcaagatcaaggaccgcgagatctcgtatagcgtgggctgaagaaagcgttgaaggcgtgcggcgtcaac
agcaaaaaggtaccagatcacacgtgttttcacaagtgacattgattcacatgtgccatttagtaacatg
tgacatatattcacaggtcaccataaatcacatggaatcacacgatgtgaatcactgattaacactgttt
ctggttgatataacaggtgacccacatccgtagaacaagctcatgcatcatagccgaagctatgggcgca
tccgaagccagtatccgaagaggtggtcgatggaacaacgaaaaaatggagggctgttatctgactactc
tgcctcgtgaagttgtcagggctttagcgggttttaatgcaggtggtggggaattttttctcccgcgtgc
tgagtgctctatccagagactctacgagctccggtgttcccctggattgacacatggcaacctcagtttg
ataatggaaaaatttgcgacatcgcaggccatggttttctccatttactatcgaatttgcgagatgtggt
gcttcaggactcagtgcttcttcaa
>CryptonF-1_PS	CryptonF	Phytophthora sojae
attatcaccactggggtccggaccgggaccggtcagcactggtggctttcgatcaaatcattgtagttat
ctcacgttttgggggtgaaataactgtttatttgacgaggggtcttctagatgctggttgggcaaaatta
cgtctaattttgcggctaggggccaagccgctagacgcgcgccaagccagcacggaaagaagagactcga
gtgcaggggacagcttggaacaatgggcagcacggaggcagagactcgaatgcaggtcgccctgaaggag
tctgtccagcggacctacgagaaggccactacccttcgacctaagaacacgcagagagcatacagcagtc
ggcagcaggagttcttagactggtgctcggaaaaaggagcagcatttaataacctgacccggtttacagt
tactggtgagaagctccatctcttcctacaagagcgcgtaattggccggaccaagcgccacaagagtgga
agtacacccagcgacagaattgaaaccgtcggacgttctactgtgaactcctacgttgctgcgatggttg
acctatggaagcagcaatctcgggctaaagtgaacagcaatccctcccccagagacgaagctgtgacgac
cctattgaagttgacagagtacgaagaagacgagaggaagcggaaaatttttgaggaccgtggagctgat
acactactggatggctatacgacaatcgatcaagttaaggagatagctcggtatttctggacaccggcac
gcgattcaggcaaaaacttgcggaatttggttgcttttctactgagccactacgcccttatgagaggaga
gtcggcgcgaatgatggaattggcagacttacactcgattgttctcgaaaacgagggctacacgccatgc
agggctctggttatggtgatgcgacagggtaaaaccaaccaagtggggcgcattgaagtcggcgcttgca
tgcgcaataagcatgtcgagatctgcccccatggaattcttggattttacttgttttggcgttggcatgt
ggatggcgaggcatttcccgactttacgtcttcagagcgctggtatccgataaagctcttgaaaacaggt
aaacaccccacgaaaccaatgtcgtacaaagttcacaatgcagctatcacagcggcgttgaaacatgtcg
gcgtccacagcaaagcgaaaactcacgttggccgcggatccggatcgcgtatggcggacttaggaggcgc
aagtgagtcccagattcgtcgtttgggtcggtggaacggccaatcaatggagaaatgttacctcacatct
cttccgaggcaggcgatgcgcacacttgccggttttgaaccgagtattgggagcttttttgttgcccgag
cttctgttgatcccccgctagcattgcagagtatggtatttccgcaggtggaggtttggcaacaggccat
tgcttcaggaacagcggaacaatcgcttgcggccggaggttttctcgagttgctccaatatctccgtaag
gtcgtcctccaggatgctgtattttttgcagaaatccgcaccaacgcacccaatttggcagcacagcata
tttcaatcccgggagttcacggaatttaaaagtgaggttatgcaagctgttgacgcaatggaagatccaa
ctgaacagcgtcttcagaaagctgtaccggtgttaaacgccaaaatcgacgggctacaccaggatttcaa
gagttctttagctcaagtctgctcgaccatgcggacggttcaaggtagcctcagtgacgtaatgcgcgtg
ttggcacctctgcaaggcggcactgctgttgtacaagttcagcttctatctggtgggcgcgaaggcgacg
gcgataccgctcatgtagtgccgtcagcttcgccgatagctattgacgtgcaaagtgatcggacaaagta
taaacttcggcgggggttggctactgtgccggacttgtggaaagaatggtcggtcggcttagatggcgcc
agagctgtccgagatctcgaggatcagtttggcacaaagtggtgtagtgcggacgaacgacggttcttca
atagagggcggccaatttacagcttagtcgctgcggttgcagatgatattctcacgtcggctcgggtgtc
tgacgtcgatgcaactaatctagccgtgcaagtattggaggagtaccggcgtacccataacaaatctctg
aactggatagcgaaacatgcgggcgagatcaaagatgctgtccaagctattgctgtatctcgctgctccg
tttccacgactagtatctccgatcccagccccaacgattgagaccacaccccgcgatgccaaccgtatct
tgcaatatttcagaactcgtcaatagtcggacgtatgtgttcaccgtagtcctacggatgacgcgcgagg
aatcacagtttgaacagtgaagcaacgctaaatctagttgaatacatacaggatgaagtactacaagtcg
cacttgagaatatcgccaagcggtcgagtatcgaccacagaaaaacatgacgaacgcacctcctttctat
taacccgtgggtattgtttgaaccgcagtgatcctacgcggtaccgcaatgcatgcggtacagcagtatt
acagtgcggtaccgcagtgatgtattgcggtaggtaccgcagtacgttttcggtaggtaccgcattttgc
ggtactacatattccgatacttgctgcattgagccataacgtcaataaccggaaccgtgttaaaaagaag
ttgattgtgtttctactcaccgggtgctacaattaatcacgctggagatatagtcctatacaacttagct
cggtatgctgctgccttcttgacgccgaaatcaccccctgtccacgcggcgatcttctcctcgatcgatc
caggcttctcggctgcaatgtgttttgaaatcacatccatgtaatggagcacgtaaactccacagtcgat
gcaatttgattgctggggcttggtcaaatggacaaaggtgctccactcaaacggagccgaagattctgct
tgggatttatgggtctctgataggacccattgcagaacgtcaaaagcatacgccgagctgtgagcatttt
tcatcgagttgacgtgataaacttttgttggccccgggtgcatggggttctcaattaccaaaaagctgta
gtggttgcgacccgatactgggagaagcacatactggtaggccgaccagtcaaacaatgcgactaggtca
gccaacagtcggcgtcttcgtttcggctttcgcgtgaatcgtgcagtctccatcaatacgtacaactccg
agtcacatacgcgaattaatcctttaactcgctccatatagcgacagataaaataatccagcgcagtttg
ggtcaaccaagcaccagtctgcaagctatccaaatccacagggtaaacgtgcactgttcgggggtgatcg
tcatcttcgagatcggtccacactatcagaggatcattttttgacacgcgctttctgaaaaaccgattcg
gggggggtccacatcgtcatcattcacgtcactttcctccgcattgcttggctcatacgcgctatcttca
tcatctgccgcattaccagccggttgctcttttccgctggttgcgtgtggctttgaatttgtcgtggcgg
atcgctgctttccttcgagcaaccgggggcgtttgcgagaggtaatagtggtaggttttgcttgagccga
gggtgatatctgagcatcgttgctgctattagccgcgccctcagcaaccgatccattgagtctctcgaca
gacgcccctgcctgacacaccgtagttgatgtagccgatgcatcacttgacacagcaggcgagcctggac
tagcttgcaaagttcgcaccgagggtacttttcctagccaatataactcctgcaagttattggtggtgct
ggtcgtgtagttttccctgccctcgtgcatggccttgaagtctgggttaacttgaatggtatcacgcacg
tagttgctcagtgctgagttagcggcagctgcgctagtctgcgtttcatgaagcgcgccatccgcctctt
catcagagtgcatagtcagttgtgttcgtgcagcttgcatatacgctgtcacgtcacggatgactcccac
aacacgagctcttgaatcgggggataaacttgctgcaatttgggcgcccatacattctactactgccacc
gaacgtgacacaactcggctaacgtcgttcgctcggactgcgtgcgcaagcgctgtcacttcggccacga
acgcagcccgcagcagctcgtcctggtagctcttaaattcatcaacttgttctcgacactgagtgtcgac
gggtgtgcgtgtcgtagctggtgctaccggagcctcttcctgcagtaccacaggcgtagcgatgtcggct
cgcaccattcgaggatagcgccggcgatcctgccggccatccgcgaagcccagcgggttgtcgtccagcg
aaaaggtagcgtcagggttcttctgtatgtagtcctgccgaawctctgctgtctccccctcccagcgctt
cttcagagcccttccagcccgcgttcgcagccaattctctgccgccttgttggcacctggctccgcttga
gaggcttgctcttgcgcgaagcgtgcagcgctgtccgagatgtcggtgcctttgtcgcctgcgtaggccc
agaagcctctgtggcagcgcatgttgtttcttgagcgacgagggaggttgagggagacttctgaggcaat
gagctgtgaaaggacttgcgcgtgctactgacctattattggctaaaaaggggcaatgactgttatttgc
ctggggtcttcgactggatacttatcgacaagagaccggtcccggactcactctgcggaagggtagataa
cccatcawtatc
>CryptonF-1_RO	CryptonF	Rhizopus delemar RA 99-880
cagtatcatgacctcaggtctctcagatccccagtcgggtctccgaaacttacatatcggaaattgaaat
gtttaggtatagtgctctaacctatgaaatacttcacttttacaaaaagtaaagtgcgatcgggtctctg
atatccaatgtatcctttgtatactttgataaccaataaagtgcttgaaaagcttttttatgcaactcag
ctttgctgtaatagaaaaaaaaggggagtgacagggcaagtacaagaagtcctttgacgtttcatataaa
agccaaatttctaatattgattggtgcatacggtaagctacattattgtgacaaatatcggttgttaggg
attggatcctcatatcaacaattgaaaaatatacactttcttttttggcaactaattgccaattttgcaa
acatatctcttctactatttgttaagcatttcaattgaacaatgcgttgaagaaaaatagccgattatag
ttgacattgataaatacatgtcttaatacaagatcataagtaaaatacgagtttatttaaataagattat
acaatcgtttccaagtaagcatactctattagaatatgtattgtattaatgatagttctttgataagaag
taccaatcaagataacaagatattttctgttgtcagtaacccaatctaatgtcaggaatattgctaatct
ttcatataattgaaataacacctaaaataacgttattcaaatcagtgagtaattcccagaataaaaggta
atctatgacagacatacaaaagaacaaatgaaaagttttcataatcataattagagataacacttgctaa
agtacctgaagattagaagaacgcttacaatagaagatatcaagccactcattcaataagatataaatac
ttgccttcaattagagtaatttttactttaacttaaactgaaataaagatcagtctcaaaaagtacctac
attgctctttgtttttgcttttatctcttacttggttattattactactatacgacacaatgagtcacga
ttcaaacgctggtccttctactagagataatgatatcgctcttccagatgctgaacattatgaagacatg
attcgagccaggctagcaatggataaaaatacgcaaatggtcattgctgaaaatcaaacatatcgtccca
agaacacgactgctgcttataaatctaagcaaagagaatggtttgtaagttaaaagctatatgttataaa
gattgtttgggtgatgatttctaaattgtttgaaattgaaaataggaatggtgcgccaataaagaaaaag
ttgcggatggtactattgtttatgacgcaaagctagctttctttctcaaagactatgttttgacccgtgg
aaacaaattcaagaaaaatgcagatggatcacccgcaccattgggtagggaatcagtccttgcttatgta
aaagctgtggttgatttataccatcaacaggtagaagcaggattcaataagcatacaatggcaagaggac
ctatcgtgaagcgctttcttgacactcataccaaaaaggaagcaagacgcaaaagaaccgaatatgagga
tcgtgggaaaaatactttgaatgatggctatacagatcaagaattgcttcgaatcaatcagtattttttg
attcaaaacaacatcttttctttgagaaacaaagtctgcttttctatgagccatgccatgcttatgcgta
gtgagactgctcttggaacacagctgccagatttattcatcatggaactcaaaaatcaaggcccctctac
ttgctttgctatagtagccactataacatttggtaagactaataaggatggcaagattcaatatggttct
gctcttcgccatagggatgttgaagtttgtccacatggcgcttttgctcaatattttttttccttgttcc
atcatcaaaacctaccatttccaaacttctcgactcgccgtgattggtatgatacttatttgtttccaaa
cactacaggggatgggtcaattacctatagtgaacaagccaagatttataaacaagtgcttaggtattgc
ggtgttcattcaagcaagctcactcacatcaacagaaagagtgccattaatatggttgcaaatgaaggtg
tctctggagaccaacagagacaagttggacgttggggtagcgatagaatggttggttgctatttaagtgg
ccttcctgttgatgccattaaagtgctggccgggttcactactcgtaagggtgattacttcatcaatcgc
ggttcaattgagccatcagaagaattgcgcaaaatggtgtttccttggattgaatattggagagagaagt
tttacgggaaggaagttgaagacgatattgctgggccgaactttttagatttaatggattatttaagaac
agtttttttgcaggtaaggattattttttttacaaatcaagtcataatgcttacgatatctaattatttt
tatcttaggactcagtggtgttgaagggaaaataccccggaagctttatttggtcccacagcatctttga
tactgatatttacaaagactatgaagagcgtctttcatctgcaatcgctgccaacgatgagaagttcaaa
atgagccaacatctggaagttttgttacctgaagtcgcagcagctatgaagacagggtttgactcaatga
atgctatgctgaacatagtccaatctcagaatcaacttactttgaatgcagtcaagcaattggaagcaga
aaaccgaaccatgctcgctgattcttttttgcaaatctcaaacatgctaagacaaggtgatgagaataca
caaattcaacaaacatcaaccatccttccttcctcttctgttccgctgtcatctattccttccccaagtg
ctgctaactcaagaggtctaccatcattcaaaatgagtagaagtttgataagcgtgacagatgtatggcg
agaatactctgttggtcttgctggaaagccatctatcaagtctatggaagagcagtacggtgcagattgg
cgcaaagtagacaacagaaccgagtctaggttctttactagacgtcttccactgtacaagaaaatagagt
cgctgtcaaatgaaagaggtataagctgtgaagaagctgcacaatttcttgaattcagaagagtttctga
caagctttctatcaaccaaatgtgcaagttagtcgcagataatcagatttaattattgaaatgttttttg
tttactattgaattaataataaagtaatttattacaaatatatcattcaaatgaaagcgttaaagtatca
gcaggaaagcgggatttaaaaatttccagaaacaaagtatttcaccatccgtcccttccccccaaaaaaa
tgaggggaccgcgtcggagacactgctattcttgaaaaaataccctcacagtat
>CryptonF-1_TS	CryptonF	Talaromyces stipitatus ATCC 10500
ttggtgtatgaggtccgtgacgcgctagccgataatcgggcccctcgggtaactcaaatatgccagcgaa
tccagccaaaaataccgtgcgagttacgctagagccctcagttgcagggattattttgtatgcagttatc
gcccagttacccgtttcaaagtgatgtatgaggtccccggaacgcgtccgccctcagtaattacgcgtag
gtatgggaatcaagctcctmtttttatccaccaccaactctgcctgtmtactgttgcatcgattctggct
gaccaaatgcagtgtggagtcacggaaatagacgcgctatcgcgcatcgccgctggcctgattgtcaggg
ttgattacgcgatggaccggctcttgagcctccttccaaggacggctcctctacagatacaggtccctga
catcgcgaccaccgagatcgagcctccccgaccggaagatatcgctatacaaaaggctcttgatgaggtc
cttgagtatcatagagttcaccggcctaagaatacaacgaaaaactatgagccaaagcagaaggagtgga
aggtagttattaggtttctcctcgcttttcacatactccaagtgctaactctgaggtcctaggcctggtg
caaaaagatgggcttcaaggaaggcggcagatatcttccaggagactatgttgacgaagggaagctcctc
ctctttattaaagaggaagttgccagccgccctccacgccgcggacagaggctcaaggcagagaggaagc
gcaagagaacagcagcagcagaagtactgtcagaagggcctccctctaagcggaagagagagaagatcag
tgttccctctatggcgtttgaagagctacctgttgagagcgatgatgacgaggcttgctctgaacttgtc
ctgatgtacaatactgtacgaagctattgctctgctattaatgagctctgggcacatcagacctcattag
gcctccataatgcagcgcgaccacagagggtggctatgactgctctgaagacatcgattgcccgaggcca
gcaccaacgccgacgtgatgagtttacggaccgtgggctagctactatacgagatggatatgttgcttct
cagattcctgatcttacaagaaaggtctgggcccagtgcctagggcagaatcagattgagcaacagttcc
gtacacagctatgctttctttttggcaactctatgctgctaagattaagcaatcggctgcctatggagct
gccagatctattctcaatgcccctgcctaatgaagggccaaaaggcaaaggctggtgtcttgttactgtg
atggaccagggtaaaacaaaccaacatggccggcttgagtatggggcggctctgcggcatcgagatcacc
agtcctgtcttataggtgctctagcaacctatttcttctggagatggcactgttctggagagtcgttccc
ttgtttccggaccagtcaagactggtataatattaaggtgcttaagcgagataataatcaccttactgaa
cctctaagcgatagcacagcggcatcctggacccgacgcctatatagtgaggcagggatcaagagctcca
aggtaacacatgcaggacgggtctctggggccagacttgctgagttgaatggagtctctgaagatcaggt
aagtaagctctatcatctctatctatttaagttaacctccagcctctagattcgccggggcggtcgctgg
aatgcagaccagatgactggttgttacttgactactctgcctcgatccttcatgcgtggtattgcagact
ttgaccctgactggtcatcaagctattacttgcctcgggagactgtctgccctccaccagcattattaaa
gcgtgtgtggccagacctggataggtggcaagcagcacatttagaaaggacagatgcaactgagagagta
gagccaaatattgctgctggtggatttctagaactmttacagaggcttagaactgtattcttacaggact
ctgtactctggcggacggagtttcctagccacccgatattccgagaccctctctttcagatggcagaata
taaggcctttgagttagatattcatatggctgttacaacagccatggaagaagatcctcattctattgct
attcaaaaggccatccccgctgtaaacgaccggcttcgtacaatgactgcagctattcagactggccagg
ttactcattcacaagcccttcgctcattagaggacttaatggtaagccgaatagatcaactaacagccac
tatcaatgactttattggtggtaccttcacctgtcaattcgtgcctagaggccagattgttccgccccct
atcacaggagcagcctttggccctacagcgcctattcaacttcctgtgacggcgcttgagaaagcttcac
aggcaccgcaatatcgtatgttgaggaacactacaacaatcccagaactgtggaaagagtggactgtcgg
gctcaatggccagctttcaattgagaggctcgatgagctctatggctctggctggcgctcagggcctgag
agctctgctgaacgccagttctattctcgaaggaagactctcattaatgagattagaagactggctactg
ttgaagatgcctctttaggggatccctgtcaaacagttgtagcaaagttagaggaagagcggatacgggc
tggtgcttcactaagcaaggtaatagatgctttaaaaaggtcatagtgtttgttagccaactagtaaaaa
gcaattcattagactacttatctaattgttcacctcttttctttttcagtctagatatctaaccctaaga
tttgaacaataccataccttacctagcattcttgacttgattggttgtcagcggaaggagactccactat
cttgtcatactctcataacttcttcatttgtaggtattttttcttctaatttagctacaagataaagctg
caagcctatactttggagttcaattttctagctcattgattaaacggatgttggtatattgcgatctgaa
tatcttggtattgatgttccagggcagttaccgaaaacgcgctgtaactcagttattccccactaaaaag
cccctcagatatccttctgatat
>CryptonF-2_ACap	CryptonF	Histoplasma capsulatum
ataactagtggttatatgaaggtggatttgcctgtgttcgaacacgtgttcctatggtgttcagccaagg
cccccgaataacccatacatgttccgtacggtgagctaccttctttgatcatataaaagaggtaactttt
ctgtaatattacgtacgatgactgtatcagcccctctctgaatgtgtatttaataattatcaccccacta
ctgtattcttctccccctgctcttgtattgatttctattcttaactattcttgttcttacccatctactt
tgaaactcttgcatctccgtacgagtgagaaagactgataatgatctctgctgctgatactgctgttgaa
gcagctgctgcacggaagcagctacagcatgatcttattgtagagatgacagcacagagagagaatgcac
tgagaatcagcagacaaagcagatcaaagaatacacagatagcatacgcagagaagcagaatgaatgaat
ggtaatatatagatttattttgtttctatttcttctttatttctgtgtatgaagagagatggaatttgat
agactaacttctcactgctgctcaatctccactatccgtacgatagaaataatgtaatgaaaagaagttt
tcagatgatcagattgtctctgagcagaagacaatctgattctttagtgagagagttctcaatcgttcac
tcagagagggtcatctcaaaagaaagtgtacaaatgctgagagagaagagattgtacagacaatagaaga
gaatctgatcaaacagtatcgagcagctcttgttgatctgtatcgtacacagcagagcagacagaagaac
tctcattctcactcagttgatcagatcttgaatagcatgttaaagactcacagatctataaagcatgtac
ggagacgtacagagtttgtggacagagatgcagacactctgatgaacagctatactgagctgaatatgat
gaactttgtacatcagtgctgagagagatgacagagagatgaaagacatacagttgagcctcttctccgt
acagcagctgactttctcatgagtcatcatatactgctgagagagcagttcagacgagagatgcagttga
ctgatctgtttacaattgagctgttaaatgagagatcaacactctgctgacctcttattcagatcatgag
taatgacaagacaaatcagaacaacagacttgaatattcaactgtcgtacggtataagaattatattctt
tgttcaatatcacagattgcattctatctgttctatagatgaaatatcgtacagaagtctctgcctcagt
tccactaccgtcagctctgatacaatattcacttactcaagagtgagaatctgtataagcagatcttcta
cagaactcatctcgagtgaacaaacaagctctttatatatacagacatatcggagatgacaaagaagact
cacatcggacgatccacagatgcacagaagacagagcttaatgagatgaatgagagcagcatccgcagag
ctgagcgatgaaataatgactctttgatcagctgctatctcagtcagatcaatcagaagttcgtacgggg
gattgcagagttcaattctagcttgccaaataattaccatctttcacaagctacagtcacctcatcagag
ctgttgaagaaatccctctgatcatgagtgaatgaatgatttatctgatttcattctgagaacagattct
cttatatcacttcttctgagatctctgatgtgagtctgaagctgcttgatagtgaaagttcatttgactc
agatgatcttgcagctcagaggtttttgcagctgttagattatctttatacagtgatactacagaactct
gctcttcttcagagggaatttccaactcattcactgtgaatcgactcagtgtttcagcgtgcagagtatg
agcagtttgcagatgctgtacagactgcagagtcagttctcatttcttcacagaagatgatgcttcaacg
gtcagtgtcacagatttccgagagtctgagcaccgtacggagacagatcaatgtggtgacggatcagata
aagatcagagatgtacgaatgaagaagaagattgatagaattcagtgtggaattgatacaataacaactg
aattctgaatctttcagcctgtctctgtttctgtctgtgtacagaaagatactgttaaaattctcttcat
ctctgcatctgtatcttcattcttctctttatcaaccgctgctgctgctgtcaccacttctgctacagca
ttgtcaactgagaatgatatttgaacatatcagctcttccgtacgattcaatcggtcaatgatctctgaa
agaaatgagaacagaggttgaatgaacagctctctgtgcagcatctgaagtcatcgtacgagtctagctg
aagaaagaagaatagtgagtatatgttctttttccggcgaaagatgatcattgatgagatactcagccgc
caccgtacgatgaaatcaagatctgttctagagattgtggagaagcttgagttgatgtgtgtacgattaa
gaatgagtctgaacaagctctctgtctttctcagaagagcaagaagataatctgtgtatattaactatac
tatattgtatatcttttaatcttgagtatttatttatttatacacgcagactgcctcagcagaattcaca
agagtgagtattctctctttctctcttttctctttcgtacgcaaggcatttccgctttcctctttcattc
acgatgacaacaacaacaagttgattataaaatcctctctttctctgtctcctctctcaacttcttttct
cttcctctcttcagcttcttcatcatcattcaccgatatatacaatctcttttgcatcagaattcatcat
tctcttgttgaaattcatcaagatcactcattcactgtccactctgtctttttcccactccgtacactgc
atgagatgtccatttcatcatatcaaagaagaagaacactgacagagacttgcgtatatagtcagagaag
attttcgattttttttttccacaaaaaagaagatcagctctcttctgttcttcaacagtgttctctctcc
ctctctctctctgtgaacaatgtgagtatttctctgcttctctaccgtacagtatagaaagctgattata
atgcaagagctctcattccatacaattctgtcaccgctcagcggaatctggctcagactgagttgattga
ctcatatcatccagctgctgaacatcaagatgggtggcagaaatggtcagagtatggcacaatatatacc
agcaatcctcagctgggtatattttgtcatagtcctcaattccgtgctctgcttgctgtctctgactttg
atatattatacatccgtacgtgtatcagagctgatcaagtgttgtctcatcgtccatcgtacatcaatgc
cattctgattcaatcccgtggtagaactcttgtcacagactgtacgcagtgttgtacattctctgagctt
aaactgttctcattgtgccgctgtgcgtacggtcactttgaaggagtatgtgtcaactgcaaatgatgtg
atcatgcagtatgctgctccctccacagctctgcggatcagtctgatatgtatgatgatttctataatag
acagccaccacagctacaagcatcagcagcagatgatgtgagtcataatactcagtctgatgcacagaat
aatcccattctcattgaatagagtatgtacgaagctttcatttttctgttctgttctgttctgttctctc
tctttgatctccatttctccattattattatagatgtatatatattattattatagagttaggcctagtt
gtacgggctgtgtacgacactcaggcagttgacttgcacttctacacagtgtctgagatcagtagctctt
tagtaggggtgaagtcaagcaggtcatttagctagtggttatataactttctgtgtgcaaagtcacatgt
acctgaatttaatagtatttctcttactaaatacaagtatcctgtatatatgaacatgaaattgaacaca
caccagcaataaccaggttatatgcagtggtgttgatggctgagtgactgcgcctccgcatataacctgg
ttattgtgagggtcgggttcgaacacgccgtaacccgacccacctataact
>CryptonF-2_CGlo	CryptonF	Chaetomium globosum
ttggtatcacaggtcgttttgagccggtgacggtcatccgtcactcggctgacgcacgggccccctacgt
tgcgccccacccattggaaggtcccgcatgctgcggcgccctgtcggggctggctgaggtgaccacagtc
gcgtgcctggttggtggttggtcccatttcttttcgaaccgcagaatgcgtgcggcccttcaacctgccc
cccattgggtagacgtcggcgccgagaggtccgccaatgttctgtaaccgcccgaattaattaactacac
ctaactaaccatctacctaaacagttaactagttatggattcggatcttacttatacggcccgcctgcgc
gaggtggtcgagcgatgtcttctcgagtcccagcagcagacgccggaaaacacgagacgagcgtacgctc
ccaagcagtgttgaacaacgtggttatgcatggtttgtgtaaggttgcttgcattaatcagagcttccag
atggtgggaggctctgtttctatatacagagagagagatggggctgcagggctccctgttagccaccagg
ccccctgacagccaccatcatgacttgtgacctctgtatccatttcagcaagcagaaagagtggaaggta
caaaaagagatgaaggactattccgtttgccggcgcctcctgctgaccggcggctacacgtagatctggt
gtcggagcaggggcttcgcgtctattcccgaaggctggccggcaacccacgtgcccggacgacccctgcc
ggaagaccttgtcgatgagggcaaactgctgctcttcatggccgacgaggtggtttcccgtgcgcctcgg
accggctcccgggtcgcccaggagcggaggaaacgtcgcgaaaccgaacaagccggtgggatcgccaaac
ggaagaaattgcagggccatggcaaggacgaggtcgccgagtggtcagaagactgtatagtggttcacac
cgtacctgcggacgccgacgacgcagattccggggacgtggaaagctctttcgaatcatcgctcaagctt
cagtataacacggttcggagctacgtctccgccatccagaagctctacgacgtccagaggactcgcggaa
taaatccggcgccccggccgcaaagcgtggcgttaaaggccatgcagaaatcgatcctccggacgacttg
ggctcgcaagcgttcggaatacgcggaccgcggcgaaaacacgatcaaggactcgtatacgccgtctcag
attccggtccacacgtccgccgtatggaacgagtccaagcagatcgcctgcgccctgcgaacgcaggtgt
attttcttctcggcaaccatatgcttcttcgttcgagcaatcggcggccgctcgagctcccagattgctt
ttgtctggaactccccaacgagggcgtcaagaataaggataacatcactcgggcatttgtcgtcgtgatg
aatcagggaaaaactaatcagcacggtcgtctggaatatggcgcctgtttgagacatcgcgatccgttgg
cctgcctcgtgggcgccctaggtttctggctcttttaccgctggcacgtggagaaggagtcgttcccgag
cttttcgcgacgaaaagactggtacgacctgaagatccttcggcgctcgatcaacgagcccaaaggtaag
aaagaattggccgcccgttttccgcaccagacacctagcatcgaagcgctgacgagacttagatgtgttg
accccccagactgcgaacgactggactcggcgtttctatgagaaaagcggaattaagacgactaaggcga
gtcatgccccgcgagtcgcgagctctcagaacgcggacatcgccggtgtccacgaaggccagatccgccg
cgcgggccgttggaataacggagaccagatgacgggctgctatctgacctctctgcccctggagtttatg
cgggctgtcgccgactttgaccctgaatggtcggggtcttatttcattgccaggagcaccgccaagcctc
ccggccgtcttctcgcccgggtcttccctgggttagattactggaaggaacagcacgacgctccggaaag
tagtccattcgccgccaccgttcagcaagacaaggctgcgggcgctttccttgagcttctcgcctggctc
cgggaggtggtcctccaagatgctgccttcctgaagcctctgttcccgaatcatcccatcttccgggacc
ctctcttccaggatccggaattcgaacaatacgcagcccgggtccgtgatatctgcagccaggctcacga
ggatagccaccaaacggccatcgagaagacaatcccgtcggtggcggagaagttgcgctccatctcgacc
cagcaggtcgcccagaatgcgctaaaccaacggcgacacgaggaaacggttcaggccctccggaagctag
aaaggaaactagacctgctggcgaacaccagatatacggttactataagccccgaaggtaaacatctgga
acagagggtggagttgccacgcggcaggcgcgtacaccggagacggcgagagtcgtcgctgtctccctgc
tccccgcctccccatgcctcttcgcttgcctccaccactgccgccgcctcctcttctaataccgagcatc
ttcttcggaccgggaacgagaagccggttggacagcatattcctacagtgtctccgtcgaaagctccagg
cgtcgcagttgtcggtccggaggatgacgaatcgccgccccgttttcgattcccacagtccgtcaggacg
gtaatggaactctggcgtctctggagacacggactacctccaatgccgtccattcaaagtctcgaagagc
gttggggtgctcggtggcgagcaagaggcgaccgacaatacttctccatccgtcgtaggattttcgacga
gattgtacgtcgctcgcaagcccgagaccagccggaggaggtctcggcgcgagagatggatatagagagg
gggaagatctctttggataagttctccaaagctctgagggcgcaacggggccagggcaccggttgaacgg
gatgccgctcttcaaagttggcgttgggggtggaaggtaggcgggcgacctacgcgttagccatagttaa
aagctagctacagagttaagcacataacaactaacgacgtccaactcactggttacctagacttggtgtt
gctgatgttctaatgttctttctgactgagtgttctcagcccccgctgtatttacagtagctctacaggg
acattacacagggcgcacagggcgcacagagcgcacagggccgggcgtagagggcgtacagggggcagag
agggtagctgaagcttacaaattcaattccgttcgtggccacatcactcccgtggacaaaaaaatatgcg
ttaagattgcccgattgagatctatctaacaaaactacctgcacgagatttgataaaggcgcgacggtgt
tctgtgggaatatcatctcgggccccggttttttcggtgatatcaagggctgggccgtcatctgcgctgt
catcggatgacgccccaccaaaaaaagaccttcaatatccacttgata
>CryptonF-2_PI	CryptonF	Phytophthora infestans
gtacttactagagctgctgtggtgcttcaattctataggaattgcaattatttgtttaattgtgggaacc
ctggttccaaagttgtcggaaccaaattttaataactagaagggctgtggttacattgacatcttccgtt
ggtgctcgggctccgagttcttatacttttatatatatatataaaattatacagaggggggtagggggta
gtatagaaagaacatatagagagacagtgctgcgtttttttgtggaacttgggaactcggttccgcgccc
gcatggtgtataaaacctaccatgatcataatagttaatgttacgtcggttcggtgacatggaaccggtt
caggtcatgtttaggaactttacgcactactgaattttaataactacaatcactctggtaatccctcgtt
taaagtgccgatcggggacaatgtacgagaattcacattaggattacgttaactcgcgcgttctttctct
gagcgtacgctagtggacggactgcattgattatgttacatcgtccgctcaacctgtgcataaaatggca
tctagagtacccctagccgcccttagagacagcgatgatgtacagtacggtaatgaatgattatcttctt
agggctaggtgtcctcttactcacatgctctaagtatggaggacggcgtccctcagtaaaaacgtttcag
cgtgaatagttaaaaccttccaaatgccataaaaagtatctactacagttttgaaggtagatgtatttct
gttacagaggcaatagttccatttctggatctagctgtagaggtgccatctcttcaggtggagcttgaag
agagtgcccacgcaacgctggaccggtgtcgtgaatcccgccctgcaaatacagctcgagcgtacgagcc
aaaacagcgcgagttcaaggcatggtgtgaccgcaagaaatttcatgaaactacacgctaccaagttacg
gcatcgaagctacatctatttctacgtgaagaagtggtagatcgcgaagttcgtgtcaaaaattcacagc
gaaagattggagttgctactgtagakatgtacgtgagcgctatgtcagatttgtacagcgatcagcagac
tagaggtgtgaattcactccctcatccacgcaacagctggattaaagcactactttcaacgctgaagcga
gaaaaacgcgaaaaaaaagcgaatatgctgaccgaggcgtcggatctctcctggatgggtactgcaccac
agccgatctggttgcgatttctcgttattatatgggcctgaacacaggtgctgatctacggaatcggatg
agtcatttcctgtgccacgcatgtctcttaagaggcgagtctgcccgtaatttggagttacctgaccttt
ttagtgtgattctggaacacgaaggatttacagattgccgggcactagtcatgataatggagcaggggga
aacaaaccagttcggccgtcgtgagtttggttcgtgtattaggcacatcaatgttgaagtttgcccagtt
ggggcactcactctgtatctgttttatcgctggtgtgtgcaaatggaagtgctacctaactttctggccc
ctgaagactggtacgacatcaaacttctaaagtcaaacaagaatccaacaaaatcaatgacataccgatc
gcattacgacgccactataaaggcgttcacagcattaggcatgcatacgaaggctaagacacatgcggca
cggggttcaggagcaaggatggccgaattagcaggtgctacagattcacaaattcgtcggttaggaaggt
ggaatgcatccgcaatggagggctgttacctgagcgctttgccacgagaagcgatgcggtctctagcagg
atttcccccctgacaaacggtcgtttttcttagagcgggcagctcttcttcctcctgagcagcttcagcg
tggcgtatttccctttgtcgatgactatatgcgtcatacaaacaacagtcggcacccaacgtagcaaccg
ggggcttcttggagttactactgtaccttcgtatagctgtcctacaggacgcggttctgctgcgtgacct
tcacccgacccataaactatgggctcaccctccatttagctgcagcgagtttaacacattcgcagctgag
ctgaaaaccaaaatgctcacggagaaataaccgcaagcggatcatttgaatgacgttatcccagatttaa
tgcagcatctaagacagcagcaagaacaaacactggcacacattgataacaaactcagcgaagtcggtaa
tcacattaagaatacgatttcacagcttacctctggtgccgccaccgtacgtttgaccttcgacttgaac
acaccaactgctgcaacctcggctccagctcagacttcgcagctacccacgacgtacaagctcacgagat
ctctcaaaacggttcatcaagtatggcaggagtggacgacgggaattaatggtggtcctgctgtacgcga
attggagaagctacacggatccaattggcgaaataatccagccgaaaagcgattctacttcaggcgcaaa
agaattattgatcgagttaatctgatcgcacaggaatagaaagttaatgaagatgaagcagtctgcattc
tggaggctcagcgcaaacagtcacaacataccctcaacgcactgagtgagagcttcaattggagactgta
aactacataagactaaatacaccgcagtcacaagtgagtgtttcgtattagatatttcttcactaggttt
ttacgcatgcattaccttttcactagcgagtcatctgctcattcatcccgctttccctcgttttaatctt
gccgtaggcttaccgtgtcgttccctccggagtttcttcctcatgtagcttcttcacacgctctagcgct
tattcttatccttgtacaggtatcaccacactcggacaatagcttagcatagcaatacactacactccac
ctagcattcacgcgtcattctgcgcatgccccatacacgcaccaccatgttcagcacaacgctcactcaa
acccagaatcctcctttcaataccatctacgggtcatcacctccctcacacgacagcacagcgtacacta
tccaagcatcgcctccctcgtacggcaaaacagtccaggcgtcgcctctcttgtgatgcgggccgcagct
tgcgaccctatcttgcttcatggcctcggggcaaaaggctcttgctgttggctgcctttgttattctatt
cttccctattggtgctgcaccactcttttattttatgcattgtgattggtggagcgttcgctgggataac
ggctgttattgtaagtgacgacttccgataattcggatatcagaggaacgtggtgagggacaggacgggg
acgaggcggcgcgacagcctccgtccacttccgatactggtcctttgagtgtcttgagagcttcgattcg
tgcgtgaagtgacgtattaatactgtactacatggtacatcatcgctgtctctaagggcggctaggggta
ctctagatgccattttatgcacaggttgagcggacgatgtaacataatcaatgcagtccgtccactagcg
tacgctcggagaaagaacgcgcgagttaacgtaatcctaatgtgaattctcgtacattgtccccgatcgg
cactttaaacgagggattaccagagtgattgtagttattaaaattcagtagtgcgtaaagctcctaaaca
tgacctgaaccggttccatgtcaccgaaccgacgtaacattaactaktatgatcatggtaggttttatac
accatgcgggaccgagttcccaagttccacaaaaaaaacgcagcactgtctctctatatgttctttctat
actaccccctaccccccctctctataattttatatatatatatataagagtataagaactcggagcccga
gcaccaacggaagatgtcaatgtaaccacagcccttctagttattaaaatatggttccgaaaattttgga
accagggttcccacaattaacacatataattgcaattcactatataattgaagcaccacagcagctctag
taagtac
>CryptonF-2_PS	CryptonF	Phytophthora sojae
ccagcaggtctggaccgcgtcggacgacccaatcgctaaaacccgagcgtaaacgcgacgtatctgaaaa
gtatctccccctaggtcgctccttcaataatccatacttagcaaaaaatgcatacagcgggagagccagt
cgtatggtagagaagaagcctcccctctcttctcgttcagtcataccgcagtttcgtatcgccttcccgg
acctctgcgcgctttgccgcttagccggcatgtcgggggcgctaccggccgatgcggccaatgccaacga
gctgcagcaagctgtggtgaacgtgatgacgcgacacgctagcacaagaccgcaaaacacgataaagcag
tacaagaacaagcaggatgactttgccagctggtgcgccgacaggaagttctttgatggttcactggtgt
acgagtcgaagctagtagactatatcgataattttgtggtaccccgaggaaaccgcgcaagaaaaacgac
gatggaagcgccgtccgactcggatatgaggcggtggacgcgtacgtcaaggctataatcgatttgtatc
agtttcagaagtctattggtatgaatcagcactcccacccgcgtggcaaggctttaaaaggcttgatgga
catgctgaagcgtggagagaacaagcggaaggtggatacatacgctgaccgtggtttaggaaccgtttta
gacggctacaacctggaagatatgcgagcgctaagccaattctggctcaagcagcctacaggggttgctt
tacgaagtcgagtggactttctagttggacacgctcttctagctcgcggagaatcgcgaaggtttattca
gtttccagatatgctgtcgctagagctaaccgacgaaggcccccaagtatgcagccctctcgtggtcatt
atgagaaaaggcaaatcaaatcaagtcgggcgggtagagtatggagctgcgatgcgatgcaaagatgtta
tgttgtgcccgttaaatgctgtggcattgtacctgttttggcggtggcatgtggatttggagccctttcc
tagctttacggaccgaaagttgtggtacgacatccgtttgctgaaaggcaaatgtgcaacacgtgatatt
gcctacaacacgcaactagaacacgtgaagagtgcgttcactgcctgcggcattgattcatcggtttgga
cacacgccaaccgcggttcaggcgctaagttggctgagctacaaggtgcggatgaaaaccagattagacg
ggctggtagatggaatggagaacgaatggaggcatgctacctgactacacttcctcgaaaagctatgcgc
gctttggctggtttccctacgaaagggggtggttattggattgaccgtgccacaatcacaccatcaccag
atctccagaaaatggttttccctgatttaggctccgctgaagacgatcttcaggaaaatggaaaccggga
gatagcggcaggcgggtttatagggttgctacacgtattgagagttgtgtttctccaggactcggtacta
ctacgtcgaaagttcccggagcactgcttgtggagagacccgctttttagtacagaggcttacgagaagt
ttgaaacagaggtcacgatatctttgcaatcgactacccagcctcaggatacacgcatcgaagctgcaat
tccgttagttgcatcaacaatgaaagacggattccaggcacttcacgggaaaatcgacagtctcgttagt
gaagttcgacagctgaaagaacaaggattattttctgcgaacaagaaacttgtaatctcattggcagatg
acgttgatgctccccatcgacgtggtgttgtcgccgctcgtgagccattggactcccaggcaatcggtga
gcgctcaacaagatctgaattgcgtctaagtcgctcgctgcagacagtgaatgaagtgtggactgaatat
actcgtggaatagctggtcaaatgtccgtctgcgaggctgagcaacgatttggaagcaagtggcgaaaag
atccgacagagaatcggttcttctcacgtcgtaaggtattctacgatgcgatccaggcatttgctgcaaa
acatcagataaccgaaggggcagctgctggagagctggagaagaagcgcaaagaggcgggagaatctctc
aatcgattcggaaagatcgtacgtagagtcgttcagaattcgtaaggcaagtgagagcttctaactcact
gtaacacacatacatacaaaatccatatacatcctgtattgcagaataactcgacctacttgcagtataa
ctcgacctacttgcagtataactcgacctacttgcaggataactcgacctacttgcagtataagccgacc
ggcttgagggtttagtcatcaatcgtactttataagtttactggcttaaaattttggtcgacagattgta
aacaaagccacgaaatctacaccgctcatttcgactcccctcatttggaaaaatacacgacctcgcgcac
aatggagaaggagagacggcgccttaaccaagtgcctatcgccacgaaggtcagcaagctcaaggagtgg
agagataaccctaagtggactgcgaaggtggctgcaaagcagcttggtgtagcgaaggggacgttgatgg
gctggaagaaggcgctgtggcatctgctggacgatcctgctgctttggaagcccttggagatgcatttcg
caagaagggggccggcaagaagaagcgccttaagccctacgagttacgcgtccttaagttctatcattcg
tgtcacgaggatggcggcacgtgcaccttctccgagcttctaagctacgcgagaaataatatccctgagt
tcgcaatactgaagaagggaacgcaagagtcgtggatatcacgttttatcagcaattataagaataaacc
cgtcggccagccaagccaaacgggacagcaaagccaggtcgggcagccaagtgggggtgtggcgtcaagt
gaggacgacgagccaagtgaagacgacgaggcaagtgaagacgacgaggcaagtgaagacgacagggcaa
gtgaagacgaacaggcaagtgaagacaacgacagggcgaaagtgaagacgaagcaggccccagtgaagac
tcgacgacggggcgggtgcaacgagagcccagtggggctmaagcggcgatcagccgagccatccgcgaac
gaacccgtaaataagggttcgggtgccacaaaaaatttgcacgggaattccggaaataacgacgttgaaa
acgggtctgatatcagcgaggaggacgttggcgatgcggctatcgaagagagccaagaacaagttaaacc
ccagtcaggcaataagccgaaaggcacggcacgtccccaaaggatcgctaaaagaaaaaatcgggacgag
ccaattatgactgtggtgcaccagcttgcaggaaacaagcacggtgaaattattcgaattccgctgtacc
aagaagacttggacagtttattgcccggggaatggctgacgactcgcgtggtagattgcctcatttacaa
gcacatgattaaggtggacggattggctttaccgcttgggacctcgttctatctggagatccaaaacgcg
tatcgccgtgaaagagatggtgaagatgttccagatgaagtgaccggtagctttgactgggcggcacaca
agtttgtgttactgcctattagtggtgcagatcactacagcttcgtcatcattgagaatccgctgaaacc
tgctggaacgatctgctaccacatcaactcgctacgcggttatcacaactcggcgtctgttttggatacg
ctgatgtggtttttagctcgcgaggcgaaacgatgtggcagagaaaccagtgtggcgccacaactgttag
cgtacaagacaagccctcttcaatcgaattcattggactgcggggtgtacatgttacactacatgcacaa
agtagcccggttcatctctgaaaaaagaccagactcagtagcggagaagatgaaatcacttacaagcggc
agcttcaatgtgactaaggcaggacgctcgcgctcggcactactcgaagcactacagaaggataaggttg
cagtaactgtgattgaataaactccgtcagtttttttctttgccaaccgcgtatctgccctacgtttgat
cctatggtcgagttaatctgcaatagagaggaggtcgagttattatgcaagtcaggggtcgacttaatct
gcaatggagaggaggtcgagtaattatgcaagttgtggtcgacttatctgcaacggagggaggtcgagtt
aatatgcaagccgtcgttccctcgtatttcgaatatgtcccaggggtccgaccttatacaaagcctagta
taagaccgggtccggatgaaaaggcagatacggccacagt
>CryptonF-2_TS	CryptonF	Talaromyces stipitatus ATCC 10500
aggtagcaaacctcaagtaatcccgcgacatttcgcggctagccagataacgcggatagcatgcggtmtt
ggcgcaatgtgacccccatatacctcggttatatgggggtcacccctagctgagaaatattaccagaaat
ttacatctgtagccgttcggactagttctcgtacaagaccacaccaacggcatatttagacaggcaggcg
gtcagggaggcggtcagtttccacgcgaggtcaatgagataatcggtacgcgtccgagtaacctggtttc
caggatttgcacgtacaatmacctatattgttgcccttattactcataccactcctatttaagttgattt
tcagctcccttacgtgaatatggagtctatttctaatggcttgttggccgagcaagaccgccagttggag
ctacacgcaaagatacagctgcacagtcaaaaagtagcgcaccggattcagaaaaaccggccggcagcaa
ccaccaggcagtacgattccaggcagaaagaattcattgatttctgcacaaaagaaggctttcctgacgg
ccaggtggttaccgaaaagaagctggtctattttctggatcactatgtcattaaccgtccgattcggcca
tcgcgatacttgagaaatcgtacggatagccagggcgcagccgttgtacaaactctcggactaccgtctg
taaaggcttacactagtgccattgttgatctttggagattccagcaatctcttggtacgaatccctaccc
taatccaaggggccatctagtcggagctatgattaaaaaccaccaatttgatgagactcaacggaagcgg
acccaattcacagaccgaggttttaatactttacaggatggctacacatcagaaaatatcagagcaatcg
tacgatactgctgggcaggatggctatctgaccaaacaagaggccggaaaccccaggcgcaagaggccta
tctacgtaccacggtggatttcttatttggtcataatatgcttctccgaggtgaagaccggcgccatcta
gaactagcagatctattcacacttcgtatggacgaggggccaaccccatgttggccgatgattctgatga
agcttaatggcaagacaaatcaatttggccggcttgaatatatgggggtcgtacgacataaggatcctct
tctttgtacgatctgtcatactgctttctatctttttcatsgatgggagattatgcatgagccggtgccg
cagttttatcaaaggcagcagtggtataagttwgtcttattcaaagggtctgactctgagcactccttct
cgtacgaaactcagttgaaatggattaaccaggtgtttcagagcattggattaaattcaaaaaagaagac
tcattctggacgatctagtggtgcaaggcatgcagaactacagggtgtggacgaaaattcaatccgaaga
gctgggcattggaaccaggatagtatgagtaattgctatctttccgagcttcctcgaccatttattcgta
cacttgctggattcaagcctacagatcaaggcaattattatctgccacgagctgcaattgaacctccaga
gacccttgtacgagctctctggccatggattgatcaatggcttgcttggttttccccatccgagtcgaat
ccggtggaattgagtaagctagatctgcctccattacctctccttgttcaacaaggggtcgagaagtgtg
atcaggatgatctagctgctcaaagctttctcaagcttcttagctcttttcgtacggttattatacagsa
tgcagtctttctgcaacaggaattcccaggtcattcaatgtggactcatcctctattccaacgctctgat
tttcaatcctttagccaacagattattgatctggtccgtacaagcgaaacacctcatgaaatcaaacttc
gccaaactatccctcttgtggctaatcgtataacaactattggggagaacctagagcatattatacaatt
gaaccatcagcaaacacaggactcaattcgtgctatacagtctcagatggatcagctattttctggggag
gttacatttactgcaaggcttactggctcagacgaaaaacccagtacacctggtaatactacttctcaat
ctaccgaacaaaatacagcacatactgttgtacaatcactccaagttactcctaatcctatacaagacca
ccctccgggcattcatctacccaacgagccgtccggatctccccctttctaccggatgtctcgtacgata
cagactgtgcgagagctttgggaggagtggcatgttggtattcatggcaatccatctatccagtctctcg
aggactcgtacggatgtcgctggagatcagataataaggaacgcgtcttctttagccgtaggaaggttat
cattgactggatacaggctcgagtctctaaaggcatccttttagccgacgcaatcgatgagattgaactc
atgcgaagaaactcgcagaggacgctgtatcaactgcaggctttacttaagaaaggtgtataatacttcc
tagggctggggctatattcaaaattgttgctcatatgaaacagagatggcctaacatccactagttaact
actgtagttattaagtaagttaatccaagctctcttaggcttacataaagaaggttttatgagcggcaga
aaataagtacgctagtaaaataatacaatatttgacccgtatgtaattctggatattttcaccttggcgt
ttctcggctggatttagtatggtgtctcagacatgtcggtaagaaatctgacccccatatatccactagw
tat
>CryptonF-3_PI	CryptonF	Phytophthora infestans
ctggtatttaatgagtatcagccagtcggttgtatgggtcctgacccgagtcactgtcaatttttagacc
taatttaaatatccatttttaccatcaatttgagaaacaccagctcagccccagatcatagacaaaaatg
gcccggagttcggggatgtcgattcgctcgtgtgctgtcgctgcagcagcattgacaccagctcaatcag
aacatgattgcactgtgcagtttgagatcgaagaaagcgagagagcgacaatacagacaacgttgagctc
gcggccggtcaatacgaagcgaaagtacgatagatatcaaaacgagtttatgcagtggtgtaccgatcga
aattttcgtgatcataacacggtgactgggggaaaactgcatctttttctctctagtagtgtgataggtc
ggaagtcgaagaaagacaaggataaaaccatcggagggtccactgtttgtggatacgtgaacgctattgt
cgatctttacaatcagcaagttactctgcgcacaaattcaaacctgcatccaagaaccacctcggtaaag
cagctaataaaaaatgttcaagctcaatcgacaaagacacgaaaaacgaattacgaagatagaggaatag
gatccttactggacggctattcctccgccgaacaattccagcaaatttgtgatacttttctttcgctgga
tgatttacgagggcgtactgcctttcttctttcacattttggtctgttgcgtggtgagaatgtccgcgat
ttggagctagctgacatgttctcgcagagactagatcatgaaggctttcagccctgcattgctcttgttt
tgctgattcagcatggaaagaccaacacatttggcaaactgcagcatgtcgggtatatgcgcaacaaaga
tgtgcacgtttgtccagttggcagcgtcgccttgtacctatttgagctattccacgtgaagcaggggcca
ttcccatcgtttaggcaggcgaaagactggtatgatattaagtttttacgcggtcgacagaaaacccaat
ctattacgtgctgtgctttttcaagactgtgctgttctttttgaccatctccctgttcgcattcgtgacc
atattatatttggagaatctttccagaaatatagaactcaggctttggctggcgcagctagtgccaaaag
tcctgtggaaaaaaatcttcaggttgcaatgcctctattgtcggagcacataagtacacaacattcagaa
acaatgaataagttagcctctcagcacaccgaggtgctacagctgctcaaagaaactcgagagagtttta
cgtccatgcttcaaggaaacatgatgtttcgcctgtcacctgtggttgcccccgccagatctgatagcac
tgataatgaacatcacgagcctgctcaaagtcaaccaacgagtagtacagttagtgaagctcatcttaca
tcaacctttggcgcatcaccaaaatattctatgagcagagggatctcaacagtgaatgaactgtgggctg
aatggcacgaaggaatcgcaaacaaaccatctattgagtatctcggaagtacgtacggtacaaaatggcg
tcaatcgccaagggaggcgaagtttttctcaagacgtctttgtgtgattaaacacgtacaagcactggtt
ggtggaggtctttcaatcgaatccgcgctggaccgcgccgatattgagcgcggaagaaggagcatcgacg
ctttctcgaagtatctaagcaaaaagaaaacaaaataagcatttatagctaattggcaaaaagtaaaaaa
aaatcattacaactagtgcatgatacattgcttcttacctacgcgtggtcgagctagctgctgttttgta
tcatggtcttgtagttgtgtcggtaggacctttggtcacgatcgcaagtggtaactcgagctccgtcttc
aacggcccagtcgtccggcttgggctctatgtctctgtagtcggaagtcggcacgacgctttagccagct
cctgcgtctctacaatgtacagaggagacgtcatctcacgcattctatgtagacgctactctcaccgtca
ttatcgtataagtagactccacttttgaccacttctcggatgccctcgaccaacgacgtctcagtccgtg
agcttcgtagaattctcaaccagccccgtctcttcaatagcaggcgttagtgtcacctccgacgtcatgg
ccttgtacgtcgcgaagtccgtctccgtctccttgctaacaccttgcatagacggaaaagccggcacccc
cgtcgtcttgtgagtcttgcgtgctgcaacaagctggaaattgacgtttacaatatttggcttgctttat
gaccaatagaattgcttatattaggtcaggacctaatcgtgatatcttcaagataacatccgattcttgc
cgcttatcagcggataccaggtcacaaggtcaggactaagtcatgacctttttgctgatactt
>CryptonF-3_PS	CryptonF	Phytophthora sojae
gcacgtataaccgttgttattgccctagccaccggtacaaataagccagttatctgcccccgtgtcctcg
tcacacccattggctgaaatggagagggagggggcgaacttccagcactgaagaacaagaagcagcagca
ctgaaaacaggagcagcatggccgaggaatctctcatgcgtgtagcgttmgacgagtctgtgcgccgcac
ctacgaaaaagcttctaacattcgccctcagaacacttcgagggcatatacaagcaagcaggacgagttc
aagcggtggtgtgacgacaagggcgcggctttcagtgatctcactcggtacacagtaacagggccaaaac
ttcacctttttcttgtggagtgcgtgattgggagggaaaagcgacgaaagggtcacggagggagaagcga
aaaagttggtaaatcgactgtcaacagctatgtggctgccatggttgacttgtggcggcaacagaaacga
ctgaatatcaacagcaacccgtctcctcgagatggcgctgttacagcacttctcaaaattacgacgtacg
aggaggaccagctgcggcgtaagaactttgcagatcgaggagctgatactttactggatggctacacaac
aacggatcagctacaacagattgctcgctacttttggacctcgtcgcacgaccctggaactagcatgagg
aatttgctggcgttcctgttgtctcactatgcgctaatgcgtggcgagtctgctcggctgatggagctag
ctgatcttcactcgattgtactggaaaatgaaggctacagtgtttgtcgggcgctggtgatggtcatgac
acaagggaaaaccaaccaagttggtcgtattgaagtgggtgcatgtatgcgcagtaagaaagtggagatt
tgtggtcatggattgctcggattctatctgttttggcgatggcacgtggataaagagtcgtttcctgatt
tcacgaagtcggaacaatggtatcctataaaactgctaaaaactgggaaagatccaaccaagccaatgtc
gtacaaggttcatcgggcggctattgttgacgcgctcgaccacatcggtctacgcagcagggccaaaaca
catctaggcagaggatcgggctcccgaatggcagaccttgggggtgccagtgaagctcagatacggcgcc
tagggaggtggaatactcaggcgatggagaaatgttacctcacctcactcccgcgagaagcaatgcgaac
gcttgcgggctttgaaccaggaagaggcagttattttctggcgcgtacttgcgttgatcctccccaagct
cttcagaaacgtatttttccgttggtggaggagtggcagtcgaagatgacttcaggtgaatgtgaacagt
caatcgcggctggtggttttctcgagctgcttcagtatctgcgcaccgtaattctgcaggatgctgccat
ttggtccgagcaaatgccgggacatccgatttggaacaatgagatcttcaagagcgatgattttaaacaa
tttcagctggaaatgaagaatgccatgaaccacgttagtgaccccaccgagcgtcagcttgagaaagcca
tgcccgcgctgaagtcgacgctcgatggtgttcgacaggagatgagagcatcattgagtggtattcgaaa
tagcctggacgcggttggtgaaagtgtagcagatgtcatggaagttcttgccccactcaggaatggatca
gcatttgtggaagttaagatcgtgaatggcttacaatcgacaacccccagcgccacccaagccgcctccg
gagctagcacaggtagcagtactgtggtgtagtgattggcggtaaacgagaatcgagctgacgaccaagc
ttcagtggcgatccgagtcgtcgagacatgttcagcaatgttcggcggatgctgattggccattctggac
cggtgccgaagactcgtcgacacccaagttcgaggtccaggacttcaagtacgatccgaacctacagcga
actttgacccgagatccgcacttaagacgaccgttcgagccccggcgactgctccaagtcaggtaacccc
ttcatcgtccaatagagtcatcgagaggcctcttggggcgtcgaggaggctctgaagggtcggtggttac
ttgggaagatccaaaacggacacgtttatactagatatttgtattgaaccataggaaagagaagatagaa
cagataagccctttgggcaacaagaacagaacagcttttcctccctaccactcaaggaagacgtccgggc
tatcggtgagttcccgtagcaattggataaacctgttggtaggattatgactgtcggtggacgcgcctgc
tagtatcgtagcgtgcgtttacccgtggtcaggccaagagtagtgaagaagtggccgtgtatacgaagag
cgagtcatcgccgagtagtggaggagcgagagtgcgttccatttatccttcccgccggagtatagctccg
gcaccctcgtatcaagccgtgactggctgggacggacccttccttcctgagggcctgcgaggtttatatt
gtgtgtgagagcgtgccagcctttgctcgtggctggtgacgctggggtttcgtcagttgactaagcggaa
acacggtgcacagaggaaacatcaacccggtgcaagggaaagttcctgggccttcaggttctaaccctaa
caagcccattgagtcatcgggacttggtaggtgttgttggtggggaaagggtgctattatataatttagt
gcgtgttcctacacgacagtacaccgagcgacccctctgcgattaccagttacagactcagtcggggcat
tcaatcggttcgtgagttgtggaccgaatggacatgtggcctccctggtggttgtgccctccctggtggt
tatgcagttgaaacgctggagcaacagctcggtaccaagtggtgtgaccatcacgagagacgcttcttca
accgacgacgaaaaattattgatcttgtaaagaccatcgctagctgggtttgcaaccacgaggcgttcga
caagtatcaggcagtcgaagaggcgattaagcgtgttgacagcatccgctgtattcgcaaaaaatcgctc
aattgggtgtctcaaaacgtagctgcaattgcacatgagctcggagtacgagaccaggacgtttaacatc
aagcacagccgcggtcatacgcgataactgcgcgcttcagataaattacagcggtaaatacaactctcaa
cattgtgactttgcggtaggtgccgcagtgtaactaccgcagtgtgagatcgcggtagctaccacagtgt
gacttcgcggtagctaccgcagtgtgacatcgcggkagstaccgcagtatgactcgcggtaggtgccgca
gtgtaggtaccgcagggtagctacctaagtgtgactttgcggtaggtgggtgccgcagtgtagctaccta
agtgtgacttcgcggttgagctgccgtttaggcgaggtggtagttattgaggcaaaagagctgtgatgag
gatcacatgcgaggtctcgattgatgcaaattacgtatattgtttttaaacatgttacttaccctgttga
ggcccacgtgcgactctgctgtggagcttggagcggtaagaagcagcttttgtagcgttaaagtctgtcg
atatccattcacccaatttgtcctcaatggattgtggttcggctgccgctacgtgcttcgagattacatc
catgtaatgaagcaggtatagtccacaatccacactgtttgattgctgtggctttgtgttgaagacaaaa
gtcttccattcaaatgcgtcaaattccttttcgtgaaggttagacagaaaccacttggtgacatcgaagg
cgtaggcggaactatgagcccttcgcagcgagttgatatgatacaccttcggcggcaccgaatgcagcgg
attttcaattacgaggaggctccaatgcttgcggccggatacgggaactagcatgtagcgataacgtttc
cagtcgaattgctcaatcagatttttgagcaagcggcgttttttttgcggtttcagtgtatatcgggcca
cctccatcgacaagtagagtgtggtcccgtaacaacagaccaacccatcttgcttgaccatgtcccgata
aataaagtagtcaatggccatcgacgtcatgaaagaaagtggcagcaagctatccaagtcctcgcggtaa
aaccggaagcttttagcgtctcccgaaccctggcagtccacccaaacgaacagcgcatcatcgtgcgact
tgcgctgcctcaaaacgcgacggttgggtacactgggggcggaggctggtcctttcgcgctcgtttcctc
gtatacactaccgtcggaacagactgagctttctgattccgagctttgatatttgtcaccctcgaatccc
tcctcgtaatgtgcactctttccgttcgcatcatcgctatcgtcctcgtcatgcacgctatcactgccca
catcttctctatcactcgagttttcatccacgtgttcattgctcccattgccactagcacttgcgtcatc
atggttctcattgttcacttcgtcactagcacttgcttcgttatggcactcattgtccacatcgccgcta
ctcctctcctcctcagcactggccatatgtacattggcttcaccactaatgcgtgtaccaacttcactag
ccgcatccccaataacaccactaaccaatcgggtaccacgagctccgcttaatttgttcacaattcgaac
ttgaccgacggcagtatcgaggtcttgttcgtgctcaataactcgtagtcgtttccgtgcaaaatcgccc
gtatgcggagttgcctcgattgcggtagcctctccacatgtaggtacgtcgtcttggctacacgcactac
actcaaccgatgccgatgtgggtacagtagccagccagtaacagtgattcaggtgaacagtactgacagc
acgatacttctcacgttcttgatacgtagtcttcaatttggggtctgagtgcatggcgttacgaacgtaa
ctgcagagcgcttgatcggcgctacgaaccctcgtcacgctgtccgcaatggctgcgctcacctcagcat
cggtgtacattttcatctgtgtcgtagcagcccgcacataagcagccacatcactagagataccgacgac
ccgctgccgggctgatggagacagctctgacgcgatctgcgctcccatgcattccactatagccgctgcc
cggctcacaacgtcttcaatcgcgccccctctaatcgctcgagcgagtgcggtaacctcggcggcgagtg
cggcacgcaccagctcccctcggtacgtatccagcgctttatccacagtactgtcctggtcgttggagct
attgccggcctgcactgccgccgaagcttcatgcacaacctccggcgtcgatacgtctgcacgcaccatc
ckagggtatcgccgacggtccttgcggccatccacgatgccttttgggtagtcttccagcgggaaggtgt
cgtcagcgttgttgagaatgtacgtctgtcgacgcggcggttcttccgccagccacagcgagcgcaaagc
tcttcctgcgcgagttcgcaaccagtcttgtgcggctttgttcactccaggtgcatcttgggcggcttgc
ttccgcgcaaaccgggcagcgctgtcagagatctcagcgccggcttcaccggcataagcccagaagcctc
tatggcatctcatcggagcttggtgcttgtgctgcagagcggatatgcggctttgacctctgttcagtcc
agatgcatgtgattggctaaaatacaactggctgttattacccccaggtcctcagctgggtccaatcacg
tagagaccgggtcccggactcagtctgtggctgggttgataacccatca
>CryptonF-4_PI	CryptonF	Phytophthora infestans
cggtatctcccgacgagacggacggcgtctttcgatcgaaaccctaggtctgaaggtattggacaaagca
gttgcgaaatacttgaggtatttaattttgtatctctatagataaatcctatagtaaaatacctctagca
accaattcttttcgccaactcaccagtctctgatcgacagcgagcactcgcaggcgccccccccccgtag
agattgtttcgaagcgtctaaatggacgagtacacgcgtgatgatattgcgaattctcaagaaattcatc
aagtggtgacagacattatcacagaccacgccgctgcgcgcccttccaacaccgttaagcagtacgctcc
aaaacaagccgagtttaaaacgtggtgtgcaggtaaaaagtatttggatggctgtattgtcactgaaggg
aaactagttacgtttttgaagacgcacgttattcctcgtggtaacaagcgccagaaaaccaaagctggtg
atgctaaagctctcagtttagctggcgttgaagcttatgccaaagctgtgatagatctgtacaagttgca
gcaggctctacttctaaatagccatccacatccacgtgggaagacctatcacgaccttttcgacacgctg
aagcggtcggaaactgagcgcaagcgaaaaaactacgcagatcgagcgctgggtaccgttcttgatggat
ataatgtcgaagacatggttcaactcactgactattggttgtctcaaaacgacggtgtttctttgcgtga
tcgtgtggatttctgttttggggcatgcacttcttgcacggggcgagagtcgccgctttattgaattccc
tgatatgttgacactggagctaccggatgaaggatcgcaaacatgcacgccacttgtgatcatcatgaat
cgaggcaaaactaatcagcatggccgcatcgagtacggggcagccatgcgatgtaagaacgtgaatgtgt
gcccattgaatgctgtagcgctccatcttttttggcgctggcaaattgattgtgagccatttcccgattt
tacatgccgcgaaaggtggtacgatatccacctcattaatggtggtgacagaacgaaggagatttcgtac
aacacccagttaaatcgtatcaagcgagctttcgcagcgtgcgggatcgattcaaccgtttggacacatg
ctaatcgaggatcgggggcgaaattggcggaaacatttggtgctagtgaagaacaaattcggcgtcttgg
gaggtggaatgcagcgcggatggaaggatgctatcttacatccctacctaaaaaggctatgcgagccttg
gctggatatccgacaaagggtggcggctactggctgcagcgaggttctgctactccaagctctgagctac
aacaattggtttaccctgaggttgaggccgcagttaaacaactggctcaaagctcgacgcgtgaaattgc
tggagctgccttcattcaaatgctccgtcacatgcgagtggtctttctccaagactctgtggtgctgcgg
cggcagtatcccaatcatcaattgtggaagcacagtttgttttccactgcagagtacgcatcctttgatc
aggaactctattcgttgataccagcgattacacagccggaaacaaaatcgcttgcagttgtagtgcctca
aattgcggacgtgctgaagaacggaatggaatctctacacggcaagctggatgcgctagcagcggggata
gatacactaaaggctctctcaaacaaacggcttgtactcagctgggaagacagcacctcaggtcatgatc
cgctgcagtcagcagtaacgcagccgccctttacatcatgtgcaattccgcggtcacttcaacctcgtaa
tccaaagctgagcagatcaatctcgacggttgtggacttgtggaaagagtactctgtggggcttgcagga
aacatgtcaatttcggaggcaaatgagaagctcgggtctaaatggcggaaagacccgacagaagctcgct
tctatctccggcgcaaaaaatactatgatgccatcgcaaagacagctactacgcataacatttctccaaa
cgaggcggcggaaaaacttgagttggcgcggaagggtgacaatttgtcccttaacgcattcagcaagagg
ctagatacctacacaattcagttgtaatggtacgtgacttagacatcgactgttcaatctgttctgaaca
caaataaaaaagattgaccggtcagtttaatgtgaaaatggtgctgttgataataaactgactggtcaat
ttatttagagcgtgcgtaaaacaacagatcagtctgttttgaactgattgacccgtcagtctattctagt
aaccgatatattcagaatagactgacgggtcagactattctgaatagtctgaaaggtcagtctattctgc
taatcaatatagtcagaatagactgaccagtcagactatttt
>CryptonF-4_PS	CryptonF	Phytophthora sojae
gtatcatctgcttgattatatgggtccggacccgagtcattatcacacttgtgacctaaacgcaatattt
atttttggtatcgaaaccacattttcacaagagcaccatggcgaagaagaagaaggcaggtatctccatc
cgcgcttatgctgcagcatcttcagtgacagcacggcgcgagacacagacccctgttcggcaggaagcac
gcctttcacgtcaaaatgatagtgcacttcaaatgctcatggaagagcgagagcaagccacccttcagaa
ggctatcgacagtcgaccaattaatacaaaacggaagtacgagggctaccaaaaggagtttgcagagtgg
agccaatcgatggggtttagcgatggtgttacggtcactggtagcaagcttcatctctttttggacaccc
aagtcgtaggcagagagtcgaagaagaagaagggtaaagtcattggcgcctcaacggtgtacggctacgt
caacgctattgtagacctatacaatcagcaggtcgccaacaagatgaacgctaacgatcatcctcgcacg
tataaggtgaagcaactgttgtcgactgtccaggcagaaactacgtcgacacgaaagaaaaactacacag
atcgcggcgtgggatcgctgctggacggctatcagtccgaggctcaattcactcagatttgtgatacttt
tttcgttttggatgatctcatggggagggctgcgtttttggtatcgcattttggcttactacgaggcgaa
aacattcgtgatctggagctggctgatatgttttcccaggaacttgacaaggagggttttcagccgtgca
ttgcgttggtcctgctaatccaacatgggaaaacgaatacgtttggaaaacttcagcatgtcggcttcat
gcgcaataaggctgttcatttatgccctgttggagcggttgctttctacttgtttgagcgctttcatctc
aatagtgaaccatttccctcctttcggagatcggaggactggtatgacatcaagttcctaagtggccgag
atcgaaataaagctatatcctacaacactcacaagaaaagctacgaggctgtttttgatcatctcggcct
tacgttcaataaaaagactcatatcaaccgccaacagggcgtacgacaactggaaggcgctgatgtcgac
atctcccaaactcgccgacatggccgatggggccttgacaccgtggaagcagtatattccgctcctctgg
cgcgagaagcgattcgtgctctgtcaggacacccccccacgcgcacgtctttattatttggaacgcgcca
ttgtggacccacccaatgacctcaagcaacagattttccctgggcttgaaagttacaaacagaagctatt
agatggtgagtgggaatgcaacctcgccgctcgagggttcattgaattgttggaattcttacgcaccgtg
ttgcttcaagacgctgcatttttatttgacgtccttcctgctcgacttcgccgccatccgatcttcggtg
gaccgtttcaacaattccgcgctcaagcacttgctagcgctcaggcgacgcagcacccggtggaaatgca
gcttcagcttgccatgccagtcctgtcgcaacaaattagcacgcagcacgcagcaactatgcagcggtta
gaatctcagcacttggctctcgttgacatggtgaagcaatcccaagatcagcttgcttcatttctccacg
gtgacgtcctttaccgacttcttcccttatctaacaacgcagctggagctgatccaagccagcttcctct
acgtgacagcactcctgtgtcaacctcggtaaacgcaacgctacagcaacattcacctcagttagaacca
gtcacagttccccagtacaacatgagccgacgagtttcaaccgtacgagagctttggacagagtggcacc
atggcctggctagtcagccttcgatcgagtacctggaggaaacatttggcacaaaatggagagcgtcatc
aaaagaagcgaaattcttttccaggcgtcgatgtgtcatcaatcacgtaccggtacgtagcttcgtgaat
ggcggtctctctatcgacgatgcgattgaaagagctgatactgagagggggaacaagagcatcgacagtt
attcaaaatggcttcgcagcaaacagcacgatgacttacattagcagcgtaatgcattcgacagtctaat
tgacatcattatctgaactgcaataccaacatttacatcattaaattagttgccataactcgtttcagtc
ccgatatgaaagcgcgcttacctaacaaggccagtgactacggcctcgatggggctgcgcactagctcct
gaatgatggtcacgatggcgattcaaagcccaggaagcgcaggtacggcccgttcgcgttctcgtcgtac
gtctcgacgacggtcggggcggtggcgttgacgtagcgtaggaggaagcgttgatgagcgcgcacatatc
gctgccttcaacacgcgtcttgtagctctatagtgcggttgctcgactggtcggatatgaagatgccaac
agagctgcagtgctcgatggccatacccagatcgtgccgctgcgcacagcacgtcttgagcaacaggaag
aaggggatcctcacaaaggtaccgtcatgctgacgacgaggctcagcgtcaccctgtaggcgttgtagtg
ctccaggacatcgtagtagctgccctagatgtgcatgacctgctactagagccaccaccacagagtcaca
attagcggcgtcgtgtgtacgatgaccatgtacacgacgaccaacagtacgtaccgacgcgtgctcggca
ggcagcgtgctcggcgggcagggtgctcggcaggcagggtgggcagacgcgggcactcgagcgccaagat
gcccgacggcacggggtacgagcgacgggcaatggcaaccttgagatgtgttaatggcgctcggagaagg
ttcgccccaaatttgtagtaattaatactgccaatcaaatcgtagtatttgggtcatgacccaccaactg
gtatctcgaggtaacacgccaaaaagcggctgttatccccggatatcaggtcactgcgtcatgaccgagt
catgactttttgctttttactt
>CryptonF-5_PI	CryptonF	Phytophthora infestans
attatcatcaccggggtccggaccgggaccgatgatgcatgtacatagcaggtgaattaagctcagttat
aagccatgtgtagggtagaataagcagttatcagtctgtctggtcttctgtattatgataggccaacaag
ccgaccagcgcccctcgaccatttcaagacgaaagaagaagagcgatagcgcaggaatccaggtacagat
catggccgcagaagcaaggatgtccgtggagatgcaggagtctatacaaaggacgtacgcaaaggcaaag
gagctaagacccaagaatacaacccgttcctacgacaagcgtcagcaggagtttctcgagtggtgtacga
acaagggtaactcatttaacgacttatctcgcttcactgtgacgggtgaaaaactacatctctttctgga
agagtgcgtcattggtagacgtaagcgtcagaaaagtgctacgaaacaagcggatagggtggagacaatt
ggccgcgcatctgttaacctttacgttgcagccatggttgatatgtggaaacaacaagtccaggccggaa
tcaatagttatccttcaccacgtaacgctgcagtgacatcgctgctaaaactgacccagtttgaagaaga
cgagcgcaaacgaaagaattttgaggaccgaggagctgatacattactggatggatatacgactacagaa
caaatccagcaaattgctaggtacttttgggcgatgtcacgtgaggcaggagcgagcttacggaatcttt
tggcgtttctcgtgagccattatgctctaatgagaggtgagtccgcccggatgctagaattggctgactt
acattcaattatgttggagaacgagggctatagtccgtgtcgagccatagttatggtgatgcgtcaaggt
aaaacaaatcaagtgggtcgcattgaagttggtgcttgtatgcgcaacaagaatgtggagatctgtcccc
acgggttgttgggtttgtatttgttttggcgttggcatgtggatggagaggcgtttcctgacttcacctc
ctcggatcgctggtacccattgaagctcctaaaaacaggagaagatcctaagaagatgatgtcgtataaa
gtgcacagagaggcgattacagctgcattgaaacacgttggaatccgtagtaaggctaaaacccatgttg
ggcgtgggtctggatctcgcatggcagatctaggtggtgcaagcgaatctcaaattagacgtttaggtcg
ttggaatactcaagcgatggagaaatgctatctcacgtcacttccacgggaagctatgcgcacgcttgcc
ggttttgagccttctcgagggaacttttttgttgcacgcgcgtctgtggaacctcctcgcgttttacaga
gcaagatctttcctcaggttgagaagtggcaacatgcaattagcgacggtaaagctgaacagtccattgc
cgctggaggttttctagaattgcttcaatatcttcgcaaagttgttctacaggatgccgtcttcttacaa
gatttaactccacatcatcccgtgtggcagcacgatattttttcctcggacgaattcttgaaattcaaag
gtgaagctcgaaaaactatatctacgatggaaaacccggctgatcagaggttgcaaaaggcgatgcccat
tttgaaggccaagctggatggtgcacatctattgatcgcgtaggttcgacagtcgacgtcatagaagaga
acatcgccgacmtattgcgcacgcttcaaccgcttcgaggaggaaccgctatacttcaggtcaagctggt
ttccaatccagagaacagcgttgcagcatttcctagctgcagctccgctgtcacatccaggctcatagtg
accaaccctcaacgtcacattataaaatgcgtagaggtttggagtctgtcaaagagctttgggaagaatg
ggatgttggtgttgacgggggtacacccgtaagggagctagaagagcgctacggcacgaagtggtgcgac
gctgatgaaagacgatttttcaatcgccgtagatctgttctcaactttattcagcaattatcttgcgaag
cccagcgctataccggagctggggcggaagtagcaacacagttggctgtgcagtacctggatgacagccg
taaaatgcggagaaagacgctcaattggctttccaagaatattgctctaatccatgatgaagtgaagagc
cgcctgattgcacggatctcgctggatcaagctgctacccaaccgtgcatcaatcaacgtggacaacctc
tgtaattgccaggatccctttgactatgtggtatcgtaaagtgaccgctacggcgcagtaccgcagtgtg
tcagcgcggtatttggcggcaccgcacagtcacaccgcggtatttggcggaccgcagtgtgtcagcgcgg
tattggcggtaccacagtgtgactgtgcggtaccgcggtgtgactgcggtaccgcggtgtgactgtgcgg
tgccgcggtgtgactgtgcgctcagcagccgcaatgtgacttgagaatcttcagcggcaatacggactta
ttatttgtttcacacaacaaataaggaaccgaataacgtcatgtttttgttgtgttagcatatgcacttt
gctcgtttacccgttcacttcggcataagcgccctataaaggtaaacggatgctttggtggcgttaaatc
tccccgtagtccaccctgcgattaaatcctccatcgacttggcttctcagctactatcagcttgaaatgc
attcatgtagtgaagagcgtaaagcccgcagtctgcactgttcgattgctgtggttttgtggctggacaa
acgtactccattcaaaagtagttgctgtatctgatttggctcgatggacctttgacaaaaagcaattgag
gatatcaaatgcgtacgctgaactgtgagccttccgcattgagtttacatgataaactttcgtgggtcca
gcgtgcatgaaattctcaattatcaagaagctccaatggttcctgccagacacaggtagcagcaggtatt
ggtatgaccaattgaacagcgcgaccaaatcatcaaataatcgctgctgcgtaactgccttatgtgtgcg
tctagctttctccatcaatacgtataatcccgatccacaaggacaaactaccccatttacccgaggcacg
tcgcggtaaataaaaaaatccaacgcagtttgagtcaatgaagaatctgcttctaagctgttcaaatctg
acgggaagacgtgcacagttcgagaattttcactgtcctcgagatctgtccaaactagtatagcgtcatt
ctttggaaagcgcttcctgaaaaaccgatgcgaaacaattgtgtcagctttgcccacattggcatcttcg
aaaacgcttacatcagagttgctagactcatcactctccatatctccaccacttaaaaattctgcatcgc
tgttactttcaacagcaatcgcttcactcacatttagatcttcatcactgccaggctcattcccacaatc
attgtcaccactagatgtatcaccaccaagtgcagcggcggatacatcagcactaacgtcacgggcaact
tcacccaacgaatttgatactgaaggggggctactctgaggagtgactggaggggtcctaagccgcttgc
gtcggtgaacaggtgcaacttcatcaggggatgatgctcgagccggggtctctagagcaacagatgcatc
actcactgtcgctgccatcgccgattgatgctgtgctgcagaattaaccagggtaatatttgcaggcaga
cctccaattccttgtaaaatctcttccggtttctcttctcccatccaatacaagttcttcaaatgctttg
ttgtcgtagttgcataattttctctaccgtcataaatacttgcaaatatgcggctagtttctgctgcatc
acgtacgtacttctcaagagatgtgtttgcgttgataacgcacgtctgcatctggagcaacgcatcattt
gcttcattctcagagtacatgaccatttgtgtcgctgcaccctttacatgcatgaccgcttccgcaataa
cgctcagaaccgacgctcttacttgcgcgggcaccatcaccgcgatttgacctcccaaacactccactaa
tgcggccgaacgagaaataacttggcgaatgtccttctgtttcgtggcgaacgccaacgccgtcgtttcc
gcgtcaatcgccgcttgcagcagctttcggcgtcgcctctcgaagcctctgagctgctcgctgaccgacg
ggtcgatcggcatgtgtgccctgacttgagctccactgacgctgttttggaggacctgaggacgttcgac
gtcggcgcatatcattctagggtagcggctacggtctgtgcgaccatctcgaaagcctgtaggggagtct
tcaagaggaaagccgtcgtctgggttctccaagtagtacttctgccttgttatagggggctcgttaagcc
aggcatatttgagagaccgccctgcacgactacgaagccagttttcagcggtcttgttagcgcctggttg
ctcttgtgcagcttgctgttgtgcaaatgttgctgctttcttggagatgctctctccattgtcacttgcg
tacacccaaaaggctcggtggcaacgcatctcggcttgactcctgcgggtgtgtggtgtgttgttgttct
gaggcctggggaaaagactgattgctattggttaaaagtcgggctggactgttattcccctccggtcctc
acacccgccaaagacttcaaagacggggtcccggccccagccaaagacagggacgataacccctcattat
c
>CryptonF-5_PS	CryptonF	Phytophthora sojae
tacttaatgggtatcatcacagctgggtacaggggtcatgacccgagtcactatcagatttgggacctaa
ctatgatacttttctttttttacctgaactcattcgggacaacacagaaggtcgcaatatggggaggaag
tctggcatctcgatccgctcctatgcggcagcaacggcagcttcggggcaggggcagcaggctgatgaca
gtgcggtgcagatgcagatagaagcgagcgaacgggctaccctacaggcaactctagatacgcgtccgat
caacacgaagagaaagtatgaaagctatcagactgagtttcagagttggtgcagtgaaaagcatttctgc
gatggagctacggtcacaaaagggaagcttcaccttttcctgacggagcaggtggtaggtcgagaatcca
agaagaagaagggcacgttcgttggcggttcgactgtttgcggctacgtgaatgcaatcgtcgatctcta
caaccaacaagtcgcgctgaagattaactcgaatgtccatccccggtctgctcaagtcaagcagctgata
aagaatgtacaagcccaaacaacggaaacacggaaaaagaactaccaagatcgtggtgttggttcgttgc
tcgatgggtatcactctgaggagcaattccgacagatttgtgacaccttttttcttttgggcgatctgcg
tgggcgggcggcgtttctggtatcgcactttgggttgctacgcggggagaacgcacgtgacctcgagctg
gccgacatgttctctcaggtgctggatggagaaggatttcagacctgtatcgctctggtgatactaatcc
agcacggaaagacaaacacgtacgggaagctccagcacgtcggctatattcgcaacaaagatgttcacgt
atgccctgttggtgcagttgcgttttacctattcgagcgctttcatatcgatttggagccctttcctttc
tttcgtacagcaaaagattggtatgacgtcaagtttttgcgtggtcgcactcgtacgaagtcaatttcgt
acaacacccacaagaaamgttacgagagtgtgttcaatcgtctcggattaacttttaacaagaagacgca
catcaatagacagcagggcgttcggcagcttgaacgctgcgatgtggacagctcccaaactcgtagacat
ggcagatgggggcaagacacaatggagggtgtatactcagctccgctcgcacgggaagctatgcgcgcct
tgtcagggcaccccgcacgttcgcggctgtactatctggagcgagcctgtgtggatcctccccaagacct
gcaacggaagattttccctgatcttgaaacatacaagaagaaaatattggatggagactgggaacaaaat
ttggcagcacgtggatttatcgagttgctggagtacttacggatcgccgtgcttgaggacgctgcgttcc
tgtatgagctcctgcccactactgttcaacagcatgaaatctttggtgaacagttccagcaataccgctc
tgaggcacttgccagggccaactcaactgagcaccccgtggagatgcaacttcaagttgcaatgccttta
ctcgcgcagcaactaagtacacagcactccacagtcatggatacgatatcatcaggtcaccggcaactag
tcaacttggtggaacactcgcagcagcaacttacctcgtttctccagggcgaggttactttccggttgca
acctgtgccggactcctcaggcagactccacagccagacgacagtacgaggtggtgacggagttgaacaa
tcagctgatacccaacagcagcaacaactgaccccgcctctcagctcatcggctgtaccacaatacagta
tgagtcgtcaaacatcaacggtaaaagagctgtgggttgaatggcatgaaggcttggccaaccgaccttc
tattgaatatctagagtcgacatttgggacaaaatggagatcatcagcaaaggaaacgaagtatttctcg
agacggttgtatgtcatcaagtacgtacgcaagttggttgaggggggatgacagccgatgtagccatcgc
caaggctgactctgaacgggggcgtcgaagcatagatggattctcgaagttactgcgcagcaaacaagtt
aattagtacccttcgtgtagcataacatcatactaataaaacaacttcttacctgactggaggcttgagt
gtctaaattgaagggtcaatggcttctcatcttctggtgtccatgtcaccgaatccgataatgcgttggt
tagcctccaattaaaattcaccgacactagagggcctttacacccacccacttacatgctgtgctgctgt
gttgcgcgctgggcctggtaagtcgaagtccagcgactcgggctcaggtaggctcagcaccacaaggtag
gtgtgctcatacaagagtagtttgctctagtgcacgtccagcctcatgctcgtggatacatgcacaccta
gtgagcttgtcctgcaggtcgagcggaagcgagccaaagctgcagcagcacctgcacgaacacctgcacg
aagtgctatgtaagctttccctcacatacagcaactgaaacgtgatggggcacgacgatcaccttcttgt
ggggctgccgcagccgcttggtggctattggccacgcgtcggcgctcgtgatgtagaggacggtcccgct
agcaaagcaaaatgaggtaggttagattcatcaccacggctacgaagagagagccgaaaagagtatgcat
gcacagcaactcaccgtccataacgggcgtcgtacgcggcggcagcgtcgcggggtcgactggttctgga
agagttgttgagaaaacgcgaatgttgagccaataggaacacagcaattaggtcatgacctgattttgat
atttgccaggtaacacggggttaatgtggtgatacctacgaataccatgtgtctaggtcatgacctagtc
gtgacttggccgctgatactta
>CryptonF-6_PI	CryptonF	Phytophthora infestans
gcagccattcattcaaaatttaccgatggcagccaacacgtatctcgccatcgagaacagcgctgcggag
caaagcgccgcccaataagttgtggtggacagtctcaagtgctgcacacgcaacactcgtcgcagctacg
agcccaaacagggcgagtgggctaggtggtgcaacggccgtcagtttgttgatggaagtgtcgtgaccga
gggcaagatcttgccttttctcgaagaggtggtgcgtccacgtggctcgcggcgcaagcaggacggtacg
gtcattctctctcggcggagggtattgaatggtatgtgaaggcgttagtagacccctacagcacccaaaa
gtctctcggtattgggtcccacccgcatccgtgcggcaaggcactttctgagtacttgcgcacccatagg
cgcgaacgagcaacgcgtcggcgcgaagaattcgatgaccgtggcaaaggtaccgtgcaggacacgtact
cggtcggccagctacgcaatgtgtcagcatacttcatggagtaaacaacggtagggctcttcacgatcga
gttgacattcgcttcggtcacgcgcttatggctaggggggagacgacgagggaacttcagctacccgatc
tattctccagggagctttcaattaaggcccaacgaagtgcgtggcggcgcttgctgtaattgaaccaagg
caagatgaatcagtttggccgtatcgaatacggcggctgtatccgataccgcgacgtcatcctgtgccct
attggagccctggccatatacctgctttggcggttccatgtagttggggagacatttccggacatgcgtg
tccgatcatcgtggtacaacatccagctcatcgatggcaagataaaggaacgcgagatatcgtacagcgc
acaggctagcgggccgaagaaggccctgaaagcgtgcggtgtcacaagcaaaaaggtaatatgtagcttt
gtgtaatatgttatgatgttaacagcgtttagcatcccacggattcacattgaatcgcatgctttcacat
cacatggattaacactcttccttattttaacttgcaggtgacacacattcgcacgactagctcgtgcgtc
atcgccaaagcgaatggcgcatccgaggccagcataagaaggggtgggagatggagcaacgagaaagtgg
aaggctgttatmtgactactttgccgcgtgaggttgtccgtgcgctagcaggtttcaatgcaaattgggg
ggggcattctttctgcctcgggctgagagttctataccagaaacgttgcgaggagcagtgctttcatgga
ttgacacgttacaaccattgtttgacaagggagacattcatgatatagcagggcaagggtttttgcgtct
gctcgcatatctacgggaagtggtacttcaggactctgtgctcctccatatagctwatccaacgcatcca
atctggaagcacgctctattcacaagaccagactaccatgtatttgctaaccagcaactagcgcgcctcc
aaaagacatctgacaccggattgatccctacggtacgtgccgctctccctattctaaccaacgtggcgga
aagcagcttcgcaagcacagtgctgcgtctgacagctatcgaaaatctttacgctctacacacacgcttg
tcatctcgcttgtcggcggacgatttcagctcgtcttagctcctggccaggctggacaatcgagcgaaca
ggcggagcaattggacgggcccgttacctaccgtcttgctcgaggattgtattccgtgattgcagtttgg
acagagtacacgaaaggggttgcgggttgtacccccgtacagcaactcgaagcacgtcacggcgcgaaat
ggcgttcgagtgattccgaacgtcaatatttcaaacgtcgcaaggtgttttacgatgcaatccaattcct
agctgcaagtgagcacgcccccccagaaattatagcgcaagtactggagacgaagcgcaaaaacatgagc
ctcacacttgacgccccgaaggaaaaagctgagcgacaaaggcggggcgatcgcagtctttcaaagtgca
ttgtattgagcttaacctgacacagaatgacatgatttcacagcagcattcaataacaccgttttgcaat
gtgaacaacattgaataacaccggtgtttttttattgtaacagttaatgttcttaacatctgttgttaaa
tatatgctgtatcttgcacagtccccccatttcaaaagagcactcgttattcagccagactgggtaacaa
gagacagtacaattacaccagaatacacccgatagcatgcccgagtttgccagactcaggaagagccgga
tacgtcatcagctgatgtgtcttcgggagtatacgtataaccggaagttcgatgtctggcagtttcgaaa
ctgaaatctgccagacattcagcagactgcgctggggatatctaactttcaagacaaagtgcagtcatgt
cgtcggcacacacaaacaaaagaccaaatcattgaaaacttgttcagctaaatgcacatgcatagatacc
gatagcgtagatactgcaactccttcctacttagcgcacgcatagtagttgcaccggcaaatattcgaat
gctaacagcatgtacatgccacaattgtagctattgacctgcactccaagatcactttcgtacattcgga
ctcggtactttcttggggcgaagtctggtagcatcatcaccaatttgtcagcaagggggcgaaccttcac
tccgtagctggaattcatcgggtcgtagacaaatacgtctttacatgtcagatcaatcatgacggagcgc
ttccgcctatattcaagaagatactatcaacgttagtaattccattgta
>CryptonH-10_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
ttacagattttatgattcaggaaaccattagatgaaaaaggttctaagcattaatttgtgaaaaaaaaat
gtatgagatgaaccttagcagatgctaactttgcaatgggtttcaaatatggtttccataagaggtcaga
agtaaatgataatatagaagatgaaaagtagatgacccagcaaggcgtttgccattcatcaatataggaa
tattcacagtactgcagtttacattttgcagttttgttggagtaaaattaacaagccactgctagcccca
ggatattacagattcaagattggctgcctgttctaagcgattgacaagaaaatactttttgtcaagtcaa
gagtataaaattaagtttttagtaaatagagttaagattcacttaagtctgaaagattgttaatgtattt
aaaaaacaatactggaccaaggatagaaccttgtggtacccataagttattagaataaatgaagtagaat
gttggggctttgataacaactttaataatgtggccagttagaatggtttaataatcaaaatttcagatca
ccatataaagcaaacttatagagaagttgaaagattaggaagaaaaaaaagataaagattagatagagat
aattgatggttggaacacttaaggagaacaaggagaaactgaatacaatttagggtcagagacaagacac
aaatcattgagtgaaggtaactgattagggctgtcaggaaatagagttaaaaagttacctatctgagtaa
gagattgagaaatatagaagttatgagttttatatcctaactaaggtcttgactttgcttcatcaatgca
ctccaaaagcacaaacatagacaccatgcacaacatgacattgtwaatactacgattatttacacctgtt
gtaaggtgtaaaacactgcactgcaccgattatttaccctttatttacaccatggaatcagtctttctaa
cagatacaactgagttcaagaaacttactaccagatggctatttaactgagtctttaagctgtatcctta
ttaggagatagcaggtagccttacaatctgaatcctacaaagcaccaagacagttattactggattacat
gttatcagtagcagggtaattataataatkttgaacttgacctatcctggagttttaaaaaaagcaatac
tccaaaaaattgaaaggaagattttggattttaaaattttttaattgattaaacacttttttttagtttt
ttcaaattacatatttaatttagattagagaattcgaaggttaaagtaaacagaaagatcacatgtattg
ttcatgattgtgtaagttgttgtaaatctctcaaggcaccttcagagtaaatgtcatggttggtccaaag
aaagtgctcaaaaagcactttcttattataactatcgtaaaaggtctttaaatttttcaacacccctgac
aatttgcttatttcctatgtgtatgtcactggtaataaggttagatgaccatttaaaaattgttcataaa
ataaaagtgacaaaatttttcaaaattttttaaagctggaaaagttttaacataaatgatcttccagaaa
aaacaattttttccccaaaaaaatttgttaaagttgatacggagacaataaatgaggtgaatttttctgt
tatgaattcagatacttttggatctggtagctgtaaaastatcagtaaaaacttgaaaatagtgtgtcag
aaactactmakaattatcaggataactctgattctttaaggagttaataagtgatgacaattctggtact
gatgataaagaatctcaaagtaatgacatgagtttttagtttctgaagatttttctaaaaagttttacaa
cttcttgagagatttaaaaagtatcttgttggtccagataacaagagagaaatttcttcttcacttagag
ctgttaatgacattagaaacttttttaaagttgtcggtgaaagtcaaaacctatctgatgtcctaaacat
taatacatgcagagataactatatttttaatcttgaggaaagaaatttaaaggcaggctcgattaaaaag
tatttattttccttacaaagcttttgtacttttttaatacttgacaaaaccgctttggaaatttctggct
gtttaaaatcagatatacacgatttgaagcttcaaacgacagtatggtgtaaaacctacaatcgagatga
tgctatgaacttttggtatcgtcaagaagttgaccatgattctatggtaactccagatcaaatagctcag
tatctcagttctgaaacttcaataagagcacagaaactttttgaatttttaaaccaaaatgaaaaacagc
taaaccaaactgattttgtaactatgcaagaccatttgctagtggaaattcatatcggcaatgctaatag
gtcaggtctcgcatcaaatatgacagtgcaagagtttaaaaactataaacttcaaaatgattgctattta
gtttcagtttcaaaacataaaacatttagcacatttggtcctttgcatgtaatttttgagcagcaaaagt
cccaatggttgacatcatttgtatataaaataaggtctcaaataagttgcacttgtgacaatgtatttac
ttcgtggtctggcaagcccatgacttctggttctgtaagtacacagttaagatcgttatgtaaaaaagca
ggtatttttgaacctaactcaaataaaagaaatgtttgctcaaccttgtttcgaaagggagcctgtactg
cagtacatgaaaattattataataaaattataaagaaagttgcaaactttatgggacattccttgccaac
tgcaaagaagtactatgctacttctgaaaaaagagacagtgctactactgcaagtagagctgttagatca
ttttttcaaggagaaaatgttgccattgcagagacttcgttaaatttaacccctgttaaattaaaacaag
aaaacgagcgaaaaaaatggagcaaaatagaagaaaacattttaaaaaatgcctttcaaaatgaagttcc
atctatggaaaatattaaaaatgtcatgccatatattggcatcatcaatacaccaccaaaaaaggtatat
gacaagctgagaagtctcaaatctccagctacaaaggctattttacattatataaacaatatgaactaat
ttcttttatttttaattaaccaakttataaacaagttaawaaagtaataatgtgcatgttttagattgtt
acacctaaacgaagcaaaatgttsaacagaactgatattgtwatgcctcactcggcctgtagcgagctta
tagattgtggtgttttgaatcaaaaaaacatagaagattcttgcaaaaatacatcattactttctaagta
ttcttggcttcagttaagaacacgcattgtttacgaaaggagaaaaaaaagtgttmcagttaaagatgac
tttcttttttaattatgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtawatgtatatatatatacatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatgtatatatatatgtaatgctgaatttttcctatatggttttttggataaagtagga
aagacaaaattaacttaaaaaattttatagtatataaatagacttatacaaattaacatacatttaaagt
atgtcttaacctgctaaatctttttccaattctttttaagtaactataatgaggatttaaaaatatgaaa
atcctcattaaagttggtcaatatggtttctcataaccttaactttcaaggcaacagagacaacagaaat
aaaaataagtctttagtcttaaagttgatgcttttaagtagtttttctaacatataattattttatatat
gatcttttttcttcaatgaatagagggacattgaaaattcaacatatagctttaaattttcataaaataa
gaaaaacatggttgacacataatagtttctttcttttaaaaactaaaaaaaggatgcacgaaaatcttgt
ctaaaaagagttttacgctgaaatctaaaaaaaaatggctactacggaaaaattgtgaaaatcttttaag
ttaaatatctactttttaactgcagacacttttccatattttttaattttaaactttttttttgtgtgac
atatcaagcattttaaattttaattaaaaaaataataaataataataaataaaatgtaagtttaggacat
catatattattcttattagatatgacgtttaaagaatttaataaattgataaaaatataatgagcaagta
aaatacatgcattaacgtggaaataaataggaagtacagattacatttaatttacaaaactctatgttaa
attgttctatttaacatagagtaaattaagtatatatattcaccttgtagattaaacctattccacagat
taataactgttactctgctgcgtaatgttcttttaaatataagataaactttattaaaaaattgttatgt
tgattttaatgaagattgtgagatattgtataaatataagatgttaaaactacaggtagtatgttatgtt
aaaactacaggtaggtctataataaattaactaaaaagaatatatcaggatttttgttatttacttacaa
gaaaggttttgcaaatgtaaaattaaatgtttaaaaatacaggcctcaacactcatggaaatatctatac
gttttagcaaagcaataaaaaaaaactttatttataaattatattcatctggaaaaaggaaagctttctt
tgaaaaatgtgtaaagattttttattaaatgtttttgttgtttcgaaaatttattgtttaatgaagattc
attaaggtttcgaaaatagtgattttgataaaagtaaataccttgttgttgttgttgattatagtgattt
cggtagtagtgaaatcctttgatgctcatgttgttttaacttttagtatttcaagttttgtttttatata
taagttttgtcctttcataattttaatgataatgacaattttctttcattatatattttttaaaggtgtc
gggggaagaattttttatatgatttgatggtatcacgtcgatgaaggagtaggaaaaggtaaagtttgct
attttcaaccaaaggaggactagatttatgtttactagtttcacaatcaagtgttgccattaaaatatac
ttctgtttagctatatacttactgctatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatataagtgataaatattaacattgttttt
ttgtggtaactagtaaaagcaaaaaaagtaatatttaaaatttaaaaaagattaaagttggttttgttgg
tttttgagaatttttgttaaggagtctcaaaaatgttgtctcaaaaacgctttctttttttctttttttt
tttttttatttaataattggttatttgtatttttgacgaaattattttacatctttttttctattgcagg
taagtttgtttacattgaaatttttattttgtcttatttaacagaaagtgacctttctatgtatttaata
catttaatgaacttataaaaattgtgctgaaaaaatcgttttttctttatttttgtttgcgggttaatta
agttgcctggcgaaagcctcattgaaagtttaaaaagtaaaaattgtttttaccacaaaccccgactact
gataggataaaccaagtcctatttataatgatattgatccgtagagatttttttcaagtaatctaacata
atattcctcaacgcttttgcgtttttgctgcaacatttgcgttttctctacaacatttgtgctttttcta
ctgtggcgttttctttacactttcataatattggtttcgttttctctatacttttcat
>CryptonH-11_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
atgtgttagtgatgaagttttttctgaaaagaacagcgaaattgtgtcggaaatgaagaatcttgaatcg
taagttttctgcaatttattattcttgtttaagttttaataatcttttataattaaaaattgataattac
ttggtacatgatatgatcgaaatacatgtatagtgatcaagttttttctgaaaagaacactgatattgtg
tttgaaataaaaaaatctgaaatcataagttatatataaataaaattttatttttggctttaatttgttg
taattttatgacgattacttaaactaacaactataatgcaaaataatattcattattaatttttataatt
tttgataatttaaaataaataattacttggtacatgatatgttcaaattatgtgttagtgatgaagttgt
ttctgaaaagaacagcaaaattgtgttggaaatgaagaatcttaaattgtaagttcttttctgcaatata
tattattcttgtttaaattttatattctttaataattaaaaattgataattaatttgaacatgatatgat
caaaatatatgtgttagtgatcaagtttttcctgaaaagaacagtgttctgaaaaaacactgatactgtg
tttgaattgaagaatctgaatccgtaagttatataatgcaaaataatattcttttttagctttataatct
ttttaaattaaaaattaattatttgtttatgatataatcaaagtatatgtgttagtgatgaagttgtttc
taagaagaatagcctgaaaaaagtgtctaaacagaagaatcagaaatcgtaacattttttctgcaataaa
ttattcttgtttgatttttatgttcttttataactaaaaataataatgacttgtattaaattctctattt
agtttcactcactatcagaagaagtgccctctttgtggaatattgacttataagctgcgagagcatgcta
gagatgcgcataactattcaactgcaagctctaaagccatgttaggtcaattcaatttaagaaaaaaaca
aatttcagatgaaaaacctgttaaaaaaagtcttactacacgaaaatctgtccaattccaggttgctata
ttgtcactaaaaatgttggtgaacatttgcgaggtaaactacatagcttaaaacctggggaagagtatta
ctgtctgctgaaacaggcacgtcattttgattcttccttgattcctgttggtatgcttacatttccaaaa
aaagattttggagttaaaagtaataataaaaaaatttcaaaaatcgaaaaaaaaaattcacatcaaattt
agaatctacagagagttctattttaaatttagttactcctgagcctgaaccatcatgtcaattaaattct
tttttwtctcctgttggaatacttccaactccacaaaatgactatgaagtcaatattaataaagaaaatg
ttgttgcatgtcaaattcttgagccattaatcataaactcaaatatatcatctacagaagaatttgttca
aagtacagattcccaaaaaaaagtttcagatattttggttaatatagtgaaaatggtttcagtgatgtcg
aacaaattcactattctagcagtgattcagaatacattcctgatgaaaatgaattaaatgaagtaaaata
ttgttcaaaatctattgaaaacatactagaacttttttatggttaccttactgctccagatcgaggacgt
aaaccaagatcaattgttaaagtggttcaggatgtaagtcgagtaataattggagaactggagaaatttc
atctcttgcttccatttttaaagaacctaaagtttatatcagaaataattatctaggaaagtattgcttt
gaacgcaaaattctaccaggaagtatacgaaaatatctgtattcatttattgatttttgcaaatttttat
attcagaaaatgttagtgttggggtgaatagagaagaatttaatgttacccttcgtaaggttgaagatta
gagaaaaagttatttgccttcagaaagcctccataagcaacaaaagagggctgaagattatgaattgtta
gtttcacctgaggaaattgaaaagtataataacagcattattggccaaaaggcaattgaattatttaaag
aagtccttcaaaatcctaatatcactattaattaaacaatgtattgttgcatgagggatcatttgtttgt
aattttggaatttggaaatgcacatcgctcaggtgtcattgcaaatatgaaagtgaaggaatatgaaaag
tctaaaaaattaaatgatgaaatgtgggaagcaaatgtatgggatcataaaactgttgagaattacagag
cagcaaaagtgaccatgttaaaccatgaatatggacttttaggtacttwcgttaattttgagagaaataa
aaatgataaccacaatcaagaaaatgtattcttgtcatggtcgggcaaagcaatgacatctggggatata
agtaacagaatcgatagcctgtggcgaaaatcaggcatatacaacaaaaatcaaawgcgcaaactttgcg
caaatttattcgacgcaccgcctcaacaatcataagagaaagcaatagcagttttaccaaagaggttgct
cacaatatgctgcatagtggtcaaacagcagaaaaacattattatttaaagcaaaaaaaaaatctgctac
tgttggtagtaaagtacttagagatcatttttatccaaatcaaaaatcaaatatctgatagtttgcctgc
aacacctgaaaaatgtataaaaccagatttaaaggaatatacaccaaaaaaatcttggagttcaaacgaa
gttgctctccttcatagctatattgaaaacaaccaaagtccaattttgtaataaaattaaatttaacttt
gatcaaaacttttcattcattaaagcttccmcgcgccaaatagatgacaagctacgaagcattgaaagat
atggtttccctgataaaaaggtaaagaattttttttatataaatgcttatttagtagtattaatagataa
tatttaagttagttaattaactacttaattgagatatttaaaacttaactaagagtttaatattattaac
tacttttaacaatttttcttttagcttttttatttgctttctactcaaaaaagttatttatattttgttt
taaagtattttattttaaaaaataattttttgtaccagagaatcaaaaaaagccatgagagtgagaagat
atatctttgaagttcaagtgatttaaatgcacttcataatcatgatgcatccttaattgaaagtggttcg
ttatcattaacaaggctaaagagtgttagataaatataattggtttgttaaatagatatagcttcacgca
gttgagaaccagaataaataatgaaagaccaggaaaaaaggagaatgattaaaagttagttaaaccagta
taaaaaaagtttattataagtagattatattttagctaaaagtagattatatattagcaatttttataga
aaaaaaattaggttagtatatagttttgcctaagtcacaaatttttgactaatagtttaaacaagaaagt
aaaaattattatgaagcttttgagagtacataatcaaaaaataagttattagatatcatttaaaacttac
taattaacctatattaatttactaaattgttattcatttctaactgtatttaacttttttcaatcaggtt
ttttttttttagaaaaactgaaagttttgtattcgatcaactgccaattttatcctgaaactttagaaat
aaatcaatacaaatggttgttatctaacatttcaggtattattgatccagcatacaatactagtcgcagt
tctttcaacaattgaaaataagatttaaaacaatctaaatctaaacaagatctaaaatgcataaactaag
gtttgagaaaattttgaaaaacagtttttttaattgataatattttacattttatattttatactttata
at
>CryptonH-12_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
aattgctctccagaatgttctgttaatgtaagtattctttgtttggtttcaggaaatatatttctattaa
ataaccaataatataaatatttaatgaaatataatattttaagtttgattagttttgattaaactctatt
taatacattataaaaaattggtgggcaaatcactctatgtggaatagaaagattaaatgagaaaaaatga
agaatagataaaaattagccaaaagtattattcctcaagagtaatccttttttttttacagaagtcatct
gaagtgaataatagtggtaatgataaccatgaatattctttaaatgtgtattcatatgttttatttttct
aagaaagtttagcaataggaaaaaaaaatttttaattgtgatatgtttattgtatattaaattttgtgcg
tttataaaagaatcgtaaattaatgagtagaaacaggtacaagaaagtgcgtaacattactcgtttgttg
tggcagcagttgtttattattaatattattattattcagtttcctttttgaaaaaaaacagtaaggattt
agagttagcaaagttttttggaatatgtacaactatgtatttatgttcmacaaaaaaaagactttttttt
tcttaaagtaatatatattatatttattatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatacatttcatagcttttttctcaat
ggaaagaagataaaaaaaccaaagtaattcctcaaaaccagtcaagttgcaggcaaaaggtaaaatgcac
tcaaccaggttgtaatgaaatgatcattgatctacctaggcatttgcgctctaaaaagcataatacatct
aaagaggaagcaaaaaaagcaaggggaatgttcggattaagaaaagaaagatcagataaamtagaaactg
tatcaagaaattatcgaacttataaatgcaaagccaatatgcaaaattaaaacaaatagaatacaagacc
atttatatagagcaccacatcaccttaaaaatgatcctgtaaagtatcgggaatgtttaagcaataaaat
attatgtgaagaaagtttaatagttaaacttcctatattagcagagaaattgcctagttwtggaatcaag
gatcattttacacctgccaatgttacttctgacaatgaagaaagcacttctgaattttcaactatagatg
ccattagtttttcagaaaagcccaactttacagattttcttgagatgttttgtttgtatttaaaaagtcc
atctggtggtttaaaagaaggaaaagcmgcaataaatgaaatgaaccaagttcgaagaatgatggagatg
ttatgtcctgatcttgaacaagcttcatatcatcttttttttgatttaaaaaaatwtcaagaagtttggt
ttgaatctgctaaaaaaaaaaggttatgaatcaggaacaaaacgatcatacttgctwtcattaacacatt
ttatggattttattttacgctcaaagctgactcccatgttggcaaatgttttacccatagactcatctat
tacagcagaactaatttgtctatgccaaaaggaaatttcaaaatggcgaagtgctcttaagcmtgaataa
gcggatggagagtatgctgttatggttaaagacactgaagatgwtatgccaaaggaagtgttttttcaag
wgcagwatagtmccttcaataaacaaataatmtaaaaggctaaacaaattcagaaaacatttaatgacaa
accagatgattatatttgtaatcgtgcaacctttacaaatgtacgagactccatatgtttttctttaata
actaataacatttctagatctggtgctattgctaattttaaaactgatgaatatattaaagtagttattc
tcctacaggcagctatattgtgttggtaaatataaaactaaacggaagtatggtccatgtcaacwaatta
ttaagcaaaggtaatcctccagwcktaaagtatttattgactgctaccataacattttaagaaaagctgt
gggtaaaaaagctgataattttttcataacttggtctggatgtgaaccaagttcggtaactactcttttt
ctcatattgccggacaaagatggtgggcggctactgattgaaccctcatttcaagattacctcgatgcat
tttatttataataaccacgaatgaagtcgtcttgcttctctaatgaaacataaaccaaaacagagagagg
tggtactatttgaatgataaaataaaaaaaacatgcaaaacttcagaacagtacaaaacttttgtttgac
tcaccccacagttcaaagwgtttatccacaaatgacgcttatcaagtgataataaaggtcaattaaaagg
kggcaaagaakatagcgtaagaacatctaggaaacgtctaaataccagttctgcaagtgaagcgattttg
atcctgaaaatcttgaagttattcctcctgcamaaagtgggccatggcaagaaaatgaaamaaataatga
agcgagttgtcattattgtttggtattttgatttatcaacatttcacmacaagaacccagttaccgtgaa
actgtacaatccagtaatattctkgaccttcgttcaacaaaacagatttatgacaagctccatcatwtgg
caaaaaagcaacttcttaatattacacgkagtcagattctattaaacaaaagwtatgaatctggtaccca
gcgatcatatttkctttcawwtkatgamacwcaccttatagagtttttkatttgcatcaaagctgamatt
gcatgtaagtcaatggccgtatttctgwagaaaaggttatggaaacatgtgttaaactcatgcaaaagtg
aggtatgaaaaaagtcgtgttgtttcccgcaaaaaaacttgaaagccaagaaagctctattttaaaacca
actttattagtattagagattttattactttgttattctaagtggaattttagcttagtttttttkmttt
agttcacctcctcaaggccgaaaaggccactacagacgaggaggctacagttttatttgtcgagaaggtt
aaamatawwgwtgcttgcgtttttagttttcctttttttttcattggttagcgatttttagtttgaaaat
gttgggaagattctttwsaatgttcaagtatcaaacatagaatgaaggtgaaattttgatactttcggta
aagcagcattttttagtttttagctcaagtwttaagatggcatwacttttcaactatttttgtttccatt
tttaagttttgttacatggcttgagawttagaaactaaacgaatttkcmtaaaatawcckttttcaaacc
ttagaaccacgtcattatgatccgctgcgtaaaggttaaattagcgaaccagaaattascattttkatga
tgatgatgatcaggcgggccttttgttttgactgctattttacagttattttcttagcaattttgggtag
atttgctacacctcatagattcgctacattttttggggagaaaggctactcgacccagtagaaatgttac
acgagaatagaaaagctacatgtcgcaattctataaataattacctgttascattttttagttttgattt
aagattatctttactattgttttctagttatgttttgagattattttcgtgaaatactctcagccgtttt
tcaaaacacgcactatttttagaaaaacccaaaactttaaaattaaaatttgctgagcaaatttagaatt
tctttggctaaaaaaattcgacaatagcagtcaacttaccggcgcggccgtggtttttgtagtgttgttc
agttttgtttttaagattattttcatgagctatttttgaccacactaagtttttaagattattttcttag
cggccttttttatttgatatgagaatgtttacttccatcatttttgtaccaatttagttttgttttaagc
cttgctttttgccgcttaagtttattttaaaaaaggaagcgtcttaaaaaaatagtcgtacttatttgtg
ttgtaattatttatattgtatggcgcgggaattgttttttacatcagttacatttctttcatacacaata
aaaagaccggcggggcaactaccttccgttttagtaattatagaccaaaaatagatttcaagtctacaaa
ataaaacttaacactttggatctatcttataacattttaaaaatttttttataaacggtttgtgcgtggg
cccggtcgaaaaagcacagcaagcgcgctgggggcgattttgttggctcctgggtactgtttcaaatata
tgctttgtttatatcttctttgctacttgatagggggataaattatatacatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatattccttattatagcatttacctttaattgctcctt
cacctacaatttaatcgtatcaaagttagcaggcctttaattattcacgcggccccggggggcggggcgg
cccaaagaagggtttttggtaaaawaaagcgtgatgtaggtgactcattgaaagcgaaattttaggcgcc
gctaaaaatttcaagtaaaaatttttttaaatgccaagaaaaatattaaagcggcgttttagacctktta
ttkcatctaagttttttcagatgtgcctaaaagtgaaaaggtgcactcgaacaattcgccaatgattttt
aacgtttcgatttttatacgctcttttgagtacaggttgacctactttgctttttttaaaatattagggt
ccggattttcccggcgcccttaaatctatccctcatattcgataatcaaatactatagcagagcctgtac
ggtgcataagaaaaaaaagaggtctacaacggcttttttgacggctaccctaatatggcataaacatawa
tatatatata
>CryptonH-13_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
ttaacacacacaattaacttgttttatgcatgttttgtaaagaaaaactctcacccactctctcattaag
attccctctcccatttccctcttccaacacccctcctcctttaccttttattcctaacccccattgaatt
aagcatgtgagagtaatatcaattattatttcttttaaagaaaagtttttaatgattatcaaaatatatt
gtttcagaatatatttcaccataaatgtgatgttgcagatgtaactgaagttaaaagaatttcgtcaaaa
ttaggttatattttattaaatatctttatttatttaaattcttctgctaatttttttttcaaatctattt
ttttttttttttataggttctcaaattcataccatagttaataataataacattaaaaataactacacaa
aacatcattcagaagatactcagaagccttcctcgcagttagtcaataaaagaacaaaacacaaaagtgc
agaaaaaccaaaaagaaataagaaattgtgtcctattccagggtgtggggcaaaggttgttaacttgcca
agacatataaaattatctaaaaaaagtgatcatcttttgttgaaaaaatctgcttctaaagtagtatcta
ttttcggacttcgaaactccaaaagtaacaatgctgatatacattatcgtaaaaaaatgagaatttgtcc
tgttgatggatgcttttcagttatcttaaacttgtcagatcactttaaaaagtctcattcggaattattt
aataatacagagctttatggtaaaatgcgaaataaagcaacagttatgattggctatgaagaagaaaaaa
ttgtatctatttttaagtctaataacagagaatcagaagatagttctacccatttagaaagtgattcttc
agaaagtaattgtagtgaatacaaaaagtttatctataaaacagattctttgtattccgaatcgctatca
acagatagcgattcagaatacaatgttgaaggagacaaaacagatgagtctatagatgattttttattcg
atgatggagatgaaggatcagttgataatgttttaaatgcttttgaaaatcatttattgggttttgaagg
tgggaaaaagaaaaaaaaaccagctcgtcaatgtaaaaatcaagtgaaatcaattcttaattgtgttaat
ccttcactttcgtcctttgattctttatttgatattcacactctgcgaaactcttggctgccatgggcat
tagctccaggtaaaggtaaaagcggtaaaggacatttaccaggaacattaaggtcatatcttggttcgct
cagcaaatttgtagagtttttgatcagacaaaaaacggtttcttgggcaaaaaaaatatctgtaccgtgc
acagttaatttagatacaatgaaagggttattaaaagatgtcaaaaattggaggtcaagttattgtgatg
aggttgatcaacgtgaatgggaagtcttagaaaaagatcttgttaatatgatcaatccagaggaatttca
aaaggtatataactcagaggtatctcttcaagcaagaaagctgcttaatatgccaataatatgcgatagt
aatgattttagtagagataatttcgttttagtaagagattatttagccagtatttgctgcttaagaaatt
cggctcgtgctggaaattgcattaatatgcttctcggagaatttgaaaacggaaaagttgataacagcac
taataatattataataaatgtcaaacatcataaaactaaacgaaagtacggatcagcccaagttgtacta
acgcctgaaatcaatagtcaaatgaaatgttatgttgatttcttcagatccaaagttgcagaaattaatg
atgaaaacccatcagatccagataagagcttgtttgtgacatggtcgttcaaatctcttaatggattttc
tagacaacttgattccttttggaagaaagctaccaaatcaaacagggtttgtccagtttctgcaactctt
attagaaaaagcattactaccactttttattcttctgaggatataaatgatggccttaaagaaagcctgg
caaatcacatgaaacataaaaaagaaacagccgctagaaattacaatctcataaagacaatgaaaaatgc
agctgaattaacaaataaaattgaaaaaaaaattttgattccaaacgaatgtaaaaaccaaatgaataaa
tgtgctgaaaacctttcttatcaagattttaataatattgttaacgagccaacagctagtacgagtacaa
taaaacgaggatggaccccaaatgaaattgcagaaattttgcatctttttaaggatcatgattttcaagg
ttgctatattccgtatattcgtgaaaaaattaaagacaatccggttctacaatttaggaatccaaaatcc
atctatgacaagctgttatcgctaacaaaatcaataaatgcagatgcctccaggatcgatgatgaaattt
gtgaaattcgtgaaatggatcatggcgataaacgtaccttaatggttattttcaagaaagaaattagtcg
atgtttaccaattatagaaagcttagtcagacaaaaattagaaagtactgaccatggtcagcggttatta
gaaaaatatggaattaataaaattattaacaaaattagatacgaaaaaaacatattaaaaaactcttact
gaggatgtatatatatgtcttactgagaataatatattttttggaataaactttgtttacttatttcctt
tatgttttgagcttttttactgaccattgaaaataaaaaacgttttgagcttttttactgatgaccattg
aaaataaaaaatgttttttttagttacaagtatttgacattttaactttacttccaggaaagaaaaaata
tgtagttatccgtatagtttttaatataaaaaaatacatgtttatagtttagtatatttattacaaataa
tacataaaatataacacatagagttaagtgcctagtcgtcaccgcaatcgttgtcacattgtgtctttat
ttttatagtctcgattgtcacacatttgccacttaaaaagcgaacagagtttttttttccgatacgattt
cggaactttccaggaattagtttttgctctgcgtgttttttagtgaccaagtggcgacaacaagacgcat
ggcaaggattcttttaccctatgtgttgattaataaaaattttaaatgcaaatacgatttttaattagca
aatgcgatctttgctttaaattataatatttcaaccaattgcctgtttttttgatttgcttgattgcttg
tttgttcattgttttaaatagttcataagtaatgtttcttaattcaataatggcgatctactttaccttt
gataggttaattaatatgacttgcacttttgaaatttaaagtaaattaaaacacagaactgaaaagagtc
tagaaagtttttgcctctggttttgactacgattaagtattgtgagtagatttctaaacagaattaagga
actgggagaaaaagatgtgctattatattaatatttgtttatcttttcgattctgaaattaagaatcgct
tgcatattattttgcacattagcagtgacagagcggcgtttctttattctaaattgaaaaagtgtttatc
aagtttcaataaaagttagtagtctagcgttagttattatcagaaataaggtaaccaaaatatcagattt
agagaaactattggaccagtttgaatcatttataacacagaaaaattaatgaaattatcttaccttgaat
tagttgcgttaccatttttttaaatttttatcgttgtgcgctttttattctcttttgttattcttatttg
ttattttatttttatatctaatttcatgctacacttttgagtgcagattagaacatgatcacttatattt
acattttttgaattccataaaaattgctatagggatgacacatttctataaagcttatactgtgccatta
cggcacattactagaaaactctagaacatttatattcagtgaaaaaaaaaaagaatacgggtgattaatg
gatctgtccagccaggtggacctagagatgtgatactaaaggcagattataaatgacgttgtttagagaa
aatcaaatgcagatagatatccagataagtagtatgacttttataagtggcagaattatactttaaaact
cagaagaggaaaaacaaaaaaaagtcatatttttcattctctccaaataaattcaaatctctctacttct
gcaaatgatggttgtttaaatggctaaaagactatcaggaaaaaatgtggtcaaggagaataaaaatata
tgcataaaagacattcaacatttttcgaacccaggattgctcgtatgtagcaaatctatctaaaatctgc
cgagtgagacattattaaagaaccctacaatatttataatcagtgaaataataatagaaaaacatttcat
agttgaatatgtaaaatattaactttttatccccagtaagcttttttaaagttagattaatttatttatt
tctcataaagttctcataaaatttttgtaaaagtagaaatgctgcattttagtagcatttctaatcccga
cggaatgatgaatatgctcctattatagaacctcaaagaaaaataatcacttttttccaaacaaatttca
aataccgcgtgtaatgtttctgtagctatataaaagtcaaaatttctaataattttttgtataaaattga
aaataaagcacaaaaagaaaaaaatttataaaatggttagatttgctacaaaatagtagcaaatctaaaa
aatttcaaaatgataacgagagcttaaacatatttaacaaagatgaatcacaaaaataatttcaaagttt
tttcgaatctttaatcttttctataaaaaagttaaactggaacatagcaacctaacattcagccagaaaa
acgactaaaatgtgaattatggccagttttaaaaaaatacttttttttaaaaccaaagttttaaaaaata
cgcaaaatctacgactactttatattaactgtgtaattgatcctgaattaatttttttttctttatttct
caaaatttaggatatttgtatagatgaaagaagatgaatgatgtgcaaaggtaaactatcaaaggatacc
aacatgaatcacttcccttcactgtatttcactgcaatttgatcatttttcatcgcacaaatagaaatgt
tacataaaaaaaataaaatgcggaaatattgttttaaaagttaaatttaatgcttaaattatagctaaga
taaaagttgacatgataataagtataaaaatacttacataaactatttttccgcaaaaatgtctaaattt
ccttaaccgataaagtatgtagcaaatctatcgtgtaatacgtctaatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatg
atgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatga
>CryptonH-1_DR	Crypton	Danio rerio
gtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaacaa
cccatccatctctctgaacaccaatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggcc
acgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacct
aaattgtgggaacaacccatacatctctctgaactccaatgtggccacgaacagcctatctctccccctg
aacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaacaacccatacat
ctctctgaacacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaaaaatc
catctgtctctctgaacacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccac
aaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaacaacccatacatctctctgaacaccatat
gtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaaaaacccatctgtctctctgaa
cacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtc
cccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaacaacccatacatctctctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcct
atctgtccccctgaacacctaaactgtgggaacaatccgcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggcc
acaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaacaacccatacatctctctgaacaccaa
tgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaacaacccatacatctctctga
acacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgt
ccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtcgccacaaacagc
ctatctgtccctctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaatttgtgg
gaacaacccatacatctctctgaacaccaatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccctctgaacacctat
gtggccacgaacagcctatttgtcccgtccccctggcgtggccgcggacagcctaacccctgaacaccta
tgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccc
tgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtgggaacaacccatat
atctctctgaacaccaatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaaca
gcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgt
gggaacaacccatacatctctctgaacaccaatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacct
atgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccctctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccct
gaacacctaaattgtgggaaaaacccatctgtctctctgaacacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatctg
tccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccctctgaacaccaatgtgaccacgaacag
cctatttgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctaaattgtg
ggaacaacccatacatctctctgaacaccaatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacaccta
tgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctaaacaaccaattgtgggaaaaatccatctctatctctgaa
cacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtc
cccctgaacacctaaattgtgggtggaaaaatccatctgtctctctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacag
cctatctgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccctctgaacaccaatgtgacc
atgaacagtctatttgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatctgcccccctgaacacct
aaattgtgggaacaacccatacatctctctgaacaccaatgtggccacaaacagcctagctgtccccctg
aacacctaaattgtgggaagaacccatatatctctctgaacaccaatgtgaccacgaacagcctatttgt
ccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctgtctgtccccatgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagc
ctatctgtccccctgaaaacctaaattgtgggaacaacccatctatctctctgaacaccaatgtggccat
gaacagcctatttgtccccctgaacacctatgtggccacaaacagcctatctgttcccctgaacagctaa
atggccagaaatgaccaatctgtccctctgaacaccaacgtggccacaaacagcctatctgtccccctga
acacctaaatggtgggaaaaacccatctgtctctctgaacacctatgtggccacgaacagcctatccatc
cccctgaacacctaagtggccaggaacgacctgtctgtccccctgaacatctaaatgccaagtaacgacc
tacaggtccccctggatgccaacgtggccatgatcaaccacttaagccctcagaacgccaaagttgcctg
gaacaatgcagtcgtagattattcaataaaccagtatcttattaggatgtctgtggacatcccacctgta
gcttattaggctctctgtggacatcccacctgtagcttattaggctgtctctggacatcccacctgtagc
ttattaggctgtctgtggacatcccactaggttgtctgtggacatcccacctgtagcttattaggctgtc
tgtggacatcccacctgtagcttattaggctgtctgtggacatcccactagactgtctgtggacatccca
tctgtagcttattaggctgtctgtggacatcccacctgtagcttattaggctgtctgtggacatcccact
agactgtctgtggacatcccatctgtagcttattaggctgtctgtggacatcccacctgtagcttattag
gctgtctgtggacatcccactagactgtctgtggacatcccacctgtagcttattaggctgtctgtggac
atcccacctgtagcttattaggttgtctgtggatatcccactaggctgtctgtggacatcctatctggag
cttattaggctgtctacggccatcccacctgtaacttttaggctgtctgtggacatcccatctgtagctt
attaggctgtctgtggacatcccactaggctgtctttggacatcccacctgtagcttattaggctgtctg
tgacatcccgcctgtagcttattatgctgtctgcggacatcccacatgcagcttattaagctgtctgcgg
acatcccacctgaagcttattcagtggaccctaaataggctctctgtggacgtgtcccttgtagaataac
ttgtttcagaatatttttttagaaatactggtcccctcgatggccacaaacagcctaattgtccccctga
ccacctttctgaccacaggcagcctagttgttcccctgatcacctatacatcatctcacctgattttaag
gcgaaggtgatttttcaattgactaggatgattggtctgatggcaattttctaaacgatttgtattatgg
cgggtgcaaaggggattttcctaggaataaggatgagagcaggtccgaaggcgatttttcaagcgattcg
ggtgatagtgggtccaaagtcgatttttaaagcgattcgggtgatggtgggtcaaaggcgatgtttaaag
cgattcgggtgatggtgggtcaaaaaggcgatgtttaaagcgaattcgggtgatggtgggtcaaaaaggc
gatgtttaaagcgaattcgggggatggtgggctgaatccggtttttcaagccatctaagtcaagttcatg
ttcaagttcaccggttagcttgtcgcataccccttccatgtctctagctgtgccccagcaagtgcacggc
ttgccagtcacatggcagcgggttgcactcccactcacccccgtttcctctgacctgccatcgaggtatc
gggggaggtgaagaattgttggattggagagcactgtgataacaaagagacacttggaagactcaccccc
aagtcccaagtcccaaaacagatacaaagcgattgctagtaaaagagacacttggaagactcagaccccc
aagtcccaagtcccaagacaagagatataaagactttctgagtgaaagagacactttaaaaaccccgata
agggggagaaagaaaggtttcaggatgggtgtggaaacctgcccgctttgcctgcggatgtatgctcggc
taagccagcacttgacagtgacgcacaaagtggagaataagcaagagaggaagctgctcctggcactgga
gtctggccgagttgatgccagggctggcatgtgtcccgtgccagcctgcggaaaattctcaagccggctt
gaccggcacatcaggactcatagtgaaatttccctggtggcgcaggatgaggctctccggttgtgcaaga
gaagacagatcctgagcaaacttactgtgctcagggccacgaacccagatgttcccatggtttccactct
cgacttggaggagctgcaggagttggaggaagccaccttccatcctgacgaggaggagctggaggaggaa
gaatgtgccaaccaaggctgcaaacggcaaaaagacttgctgagaacccaagtggtcgacctgaatcaac
aggtagacatattaacagacagcctccggaaggtgaccaggcgataccgaatcttaaaaaggaggtctgc
cagcctcggtgcgacgcgaacagggcaggtggtccggaagctcctatcttctcttggaccagaggaagag
gacgacaccccagtcagccctgctgcccccgctgaccccgccgaccacgaccaggccacctcagctggtg
aaccgtccagttctaagcagtccatcgagcaaaaggataaagtcggtgaggagcaaccgtcggcaagtgg
cagtcagcagtcgcctgagaaaagccctcccccctatccagaccacgtgtcagcactcagtgagtatgcc
tttcctctaactgtttgtatcttttgcaaatgtcgatttctaatctctctttgccttgtttgtgcagatg
acatgctggaggattatcgccgcttcaaggaaggcccagatgccagctataagctgaaggaaaatgtaag
ctgccaggtctacaggatcaaaaagttcattgcttacatgtcagagggaaaaagcaagctgtccgacttt
ctcttcctgaacaacaaagcaaagatacacatgtgggttagctccctccgtcaggcccacatgacggtca
ccaccctacaacactacgtactgaacgtgggatgcttcatgcagtacctggcggagacccctccgccatc
gtgccggctgtccaagcagtcgctgatcggacttcgacgggagatagcagcgataagaaggtctttgaag
aggggagtggccattcaccagacggcggtgaaaacccaaaaagaggagcgagtgatttcaaaagccatcc
tcctgaagtgccgggaactggcagccaaggcaatacccgaccttctgagtaagtagtcccacctttgctt
gactctgtgtaacacctgaggctttgagctttaatgttgtactgtctcctgcctgtgtgtaggcctcttg
gaaaatgacccgaatcaaaagaaccaatggcagttctacgggcactttgctgcattgttgtcagcccttt
atggtcacagaggcggggtattccaaaacattacgatgcaggaggtgttgggggcacaaaggtccgtctc
ggagaaggcttacctgattaacgtgagtatctattacattggtgcacttgtgtgttgtctttgcgtaacc
ctaaaccgtctcgtcttctgcatgtatccacaggtgacaagccacaaaaccaatcaatattttggccctg
ctcaaattgccctaacagaggaggagtggggttgggtgcagcgcttcttaagcatcaaggacaagctgcc
aggggggacgaacccaaaatacttgtttttcacatcaacacccaacccctgtaaaaacctaaataattac
ttccaggacgcctggaagtcaatgggcctacccgggtgtcccaccttcacagacgtgagaagctccatcg
ccagccacgtaagtgatcgcacgcatagctcacgtgtcttgctagacttgagaatgccatttgtttgacc
gatttttctctactgtttacaggccaggtttacgcactccacagaggaccggctcaaaatctccaagttt
atgtgccacgacctgaggacagccgacaaattctacgtggtgaacctctctgcccagcaggccatggagc
accgccgtctgttcgagagtgctttagagggagcagaaaggagcccatcgaagcagagtcccgagaaaag
gaagaggccttcgaagtccgagaagagcagaaagaagcggcgccagaggcctccggacgagtcaccaaag
agcaccacctcagaagagctggtgctacagctgcaggaatccggcacatcaagtctcgagggcactgagg
taagcggacaacttaaaagcaaacttgacactgttgtacagttttgtgtaatggtgactaatcatgttct
tgttttctcctttgacagagtgaaagaacggccggggaggacggccattgaaaagcgcaagaggcgcaga
tagacacttttgcaccacacaatgcactttattggactgaactgttttgttaaaccttacattgcacttt
atttgtgtgaactgttctgttagcctcacattgcactttatttgtgtgtactgttctgttacgtttctac
ttaaatgctgtgattgttgtttccattgtttattgtgaaaccagtgttcaaatgtttgttccttcattag
tgttcaataaaacaacttgttatttcaattcctgtgtctgtcatatttcccccaacaccccccccccccc
tgttgggaaggaggggcaccaagggaaggggtcgactgatccttttccctcttttttttttatagtcatt
atgggtcaccagcagcacacagtctttttgtggttcactaaatgtctatagtggatgcaacaatggccag
ggtcgactgaccccttctctttgccaagtcttttgggggtcaccagcagcacacagtctatttgtggttc
cactgaacagtctatgagtgggatgtccacaggcaacttattaagcttcaggtgggaagtccgccgacaa
cttaataagctacagatgggatgtccacagaaagcctgcctagggtgtggacacccctgtaaaaggtcac
cattcccagcaggaacaattttggggttcattagggggagcagaggggtcaggagcccccactcagcagt
tttttccacgtcagagctcaccaaaagacttctgtgscccaaaaaagcactgtccacaaacaacctatct
gggcccagtcaaataagtacgcgtgggatgttttacgtgattcaccaagtggtcaaacttcaacagatcc
acaaaaaaacctttggaggggatccccgtccccctgagttgccccctgcttcaaaaccccaaaattccac
tgtccagcaaccacctatttttatgaatggaatagattgcacatgggatgtggaattttaacattttgac
aacttgatgtggcctaaggggggcttgcatatacacctcaataggtttttttggcacttttttgaggttt
tccagcttagcgatggatcaagaaaaaacatcccacctgtaacttatttgaacagggctaggtaggctgt
ctgtggacacccctgtaaaaggtcaccatgttttaatgtcaatttatgtttgctgactgtcattttccca
gctaaacccagctccgcatttccacataattgtaaagtggatttccccatcaggaggatcctctcattac
aagcctgtctgtgaagcttaggaaaggctttgtggatctgcaccaggacttctgacagaagcctctgata
cacagagtcttggctatggatgcttccatgaggtgtttgtcctgcagttgtaattagcatggcagtttca
tttttgttagtcatgtaatcttttttttttaacttttagtcagtgctccagtttaagtgaagcatctgct
gttagccagaaggagctccagaggaagaataagcagctatatacaggcaaagacctgctgactgcacctt
taaagtgtttctataaactctcactgtgatcaggagtgttttacttcagtggcgactgtgcctgacacac
tgctgctactggaacacaatgatttgtattatcattgcatgaaagcttagcattgatgatgtgaacaaac
acagactgaactaatctggcgctgaagaggagaaacaggaggaagatgtggccggcagtgcggcatgagt
cttggctgctgttgtacttctgcagctttactgaagatcgagaaaacatacagtattgttcaaaataata
gcagtacagcgtgaccaaccagaataatccaggtgtttagaatatatatttttattgatacatggcaaac
aagttaccagtagtcgattctcagaaaacaagcaggactctgcctgtctgtaccagcaccagctgcagga
tggacagcgctgcagacatgaccacccgtgtgccacatacgatgatagctactattggtgcaagaccagc
gctgaacacacagctcgctgcagccctccgctgtggaggagcagagctgacagcagaatatactgatgca
gaaacacagagctgagctcaacacggagaacaccagccgtgctgctgcccggagcatcagaccggcgctg
aat
>CryptonH-1_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
attgatatcttttgagttaaatttgattttcttcttatctgttatttttacactgcttgaaataaattat
taaaataaaacaatgcataaaaatatattatttatgcaatatgataatatttaaaaataataatgttatt
ataataattacattttttataaaaaggtttgttcagtattggatgaaagcatttgttgtgaagttgaaga
atataaagttatacatgttgataataaggatgatgtaaatgttttactatataaggttatataataatat
ttaaaaaaacaatatttatataatacttacatattttttttttaacaggtttttgaaatagttgaagaat
aaggaataataatatttaaaaaaaacatttgtataatacttacatttttttttaacaggtttgttcagta
ttggatgaaagcattcgttgtgaagttgaagaatataaagttatacatgttgataataaggatgaggtaa
atgttttactatataaggttatataataatatttaaaaaaacaatatttatataatgattacataatatt
tttttttaacaggtttgttcagtattggatgaaagcattcgttgtgaagttgaagaatataaagttatac
atgttgataataaggatgaagtaaatgttttactatatatttttttatattcaatatcttttgctttgca
attttgcagtttttgtaggttttccaaaacataaagtgtctaaagtgatgcacaaatttcaacaaatttc
caaaaaatatttttattaaataaatatatataaaaaattgaacatttttttaaacgataagaaaatagtc
gagaacccaaaaatgtttggaatttttttaacctattttattaacaaaaaggcctaattcgatttctaaa
aatggttattaagtagatatacaataagtgcatattaaattatcttgctaagcaagataatttttctata
taacttgaattttgccagttatggtctattttgtaagctgggttttatacatttttatatttgtattttt
ctgctttttaatgattgttattagcttttgtctactttatgttaaaatgaaaatatattttaaagacttt
atttaaatctttttcaaatatatacaataataaaatttatttgttcagggaaaattgtcagtaacaaaag
cattaaatcgtagtttggatgggatggaactaaatgtaattttatttttatttttatttacttatattta
ttttttgcactactcagcctgcacactacatttgaccaatgtcagaataacgttggaatcattgggcata
atttgtgcatgttggtccaacatattgtatattgctatagtgtagtgattgctgggtgttgactatttta
gcttgtggaaatctaaatctataaattacatttttggtttttattgaagttgctcaataaattaataaaa
gacccaaatgtggtttatataaactttaagttatgttgaacatttgcatttgtgaactctctggttcttt
ttttaaggtataaatattttttaaaataatttaaacattttaggaacatttaagtgatatgaccaaagtg
tataaacggtttggaaaaaaatttgtaagtttttatttgtcattaaaaaatatttgtttcattaaaaact
accttttcttatggagaacattcataactaattttatttatattggttatattgagataatatagacagt
tgatactacatggataatcgaagctatatggacagttccataatcagacaataacattaaaatatttttg
caaaaatatatttatttttataacaacattttgaatgattactgattttatgatgttctgttaatcttct
ttttttaatttagtctcaaaagaataaagaattgaacaatgatattcacaggttgacatcaagaacaatt
aaaatacttataaacacatttacataaattttattgtatataatatatttacataaattttattttcaca
ataacatttgttgtttagtagagttgcaatgaatgaaaatgagcaaatgaaaatgggaagtatgttaaca
ggatttatgaaagttggtttagtttctgaggctgaaaaggtatgttttctttttttttcttttttttttt
taatttaattaaattttacattgaattaaacaggatttttttatgctgttcaattctaaattttgttatt
aatatggtagagtcctggttatttgaacctcaacaggggataaaaatttactttaaatagctgaaatttt
atataactgatacatgagtcttttaaagaaggttcaaggggaataaaaattactttgaataaccaaaaac
ttcaaataagtgattcttcgaatgcagagattctactttatattattttactttgatttcttttaagaag
acttatttaagcagagttttgtatttttgttattacagctgttccaacaatggaaaagtaatataaagag
tgaaaaatgcaatgattccaaagagtcaaaaaagtatgtccgtcaaaaggttaggtgcacagaagaagac
tgcgatgcatacataattgatcttccaagacatctaagaaatatacataatattgatcctgaaacagcaa
ggaaagcaagaggtttttttgatctaagaaaaacaagatctgtagatgaaggtgaaaaatctaaaaataa
aacaaaatacagatgtcctatttgtagcattgctacaaaaaatatacatgatcatctttatagatctccg
cattatcttaaaaataatttgcctaaatatagagagatgctcagcaaaaagcaactttatattgaaagta
aacaatttacagtttcactatcacaaacaaaaaaacaatctgaattgattgatattaagtctgctttacc
aaattcaaccaggtcaggattgatgaaaacattgccaaatgaagtctgttttaaatcttcttgcttgcca
aatgaacataatagtaatccttgcattgatgcattaaatgcagatgactatatttgcaatgattttgatg
aaacaaataatacaattgaaaaaggagaaaataaccatatttgttttcaagattatctgcatacgtttct
tctttatttaaaaagtccgtctggaggaaagaaagatccccaagctgcattaaatgaaatgcatcaaatt
agaagaatagtagaagtcatttcacctaactctctaatgctacacaatttgactactatatgttacacaa
gtcttttagaccttaaactgctacaagagaaatggtttccctatgctaaacaaaaaggttatgaaccagg
tactcaacgttcttatttgttatcattgagtcactttatcaattttcttcttcgctctaaactaactcca
actgttcctaatgttgttccttgtattctaactgctgacgttcttaatgtttgtcagaaggaaattagca
attggagaacatcattgcgtggcgaagaagcactaagagaatacgatgttatgatggaagatgcagaaaa
tataattccaaaggaatcttttcaagctataattaaaagtgatttttatcaggaaattgtaaaaaacgtt
aattttatttatattaattacaaaaacagaccatcagaatttctagttactcgaacactgtttaccaata
tcagagactgtattttctttggtttaataaccaacaatatttctcgttcgggagctgtttccagcatgac
tactgcagaatttcgaaaaggatctttttcacctacaggaagttttataattttagtgaaaaaacataaa
acagccaaacaatatggcccatgtcaaattatattgaaccatgatctaaaatttatgtgtgattgttatg
atcaaataatacgcagtgcgattcctggtaaaatgtcagaaaacttttttattacatggtctggttgtgc
cttcgaatctggtggagtttcaacccaattaaactctttttttttgaaatgtttaccgaatgaagattca
acggaaaaacgatgcagtgcaacaatgattcggaaaagtttgctgacttatttttatgataaccatcctg
aatttaaaagtaagctagcaacccttatgaaacataagaaaacaacagccaaaaggtggtattacctaaa
taaaaacaaacaagactcgtgtgaagcatctgaaaaagttacagaaactttatttggcgacatcaaagtt
tcaactggcaacatcaaagaatctaaatcacaaagtctatttttacaaactgatattgaaaaaaaggttt
taaattccgtagaaaaccctgaactttcgccactattattttctgaacccagtgaaagtgaaagtgacga
ggaatataactttcaacctacttcatattcaatacagccaaaaaaatcttggacaacggatgaaattaat
gagctgcataaattgtttaacatttctgatactttaagattgactcagcctttaatacgtcaagttgttg
cagaaaatgaaattctaaaatttcgatcttcaaagcaaatatacgacaaattgctacatttaaggaaatg
taaagttggagtactaaatcaaaatgaagatcagtgtttaaaggtttcattcaattcagaacaattaaaa
atgataaaaaaattattcttctcgactatatctggtcacaatagtgttacacaagctaatgtgacaaatg
ttattaatcaaaataatgaagccaaagagttatttaaatgttttactgctgagcagattgtcgccaaagt
gcgttacgaaaaaaagaagcttttgtatagaaaactgtaattgtatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatattcttgttatgtgttatgctgaacattattaaattagtaatttgaaatatt
atatcatatattacaaatctatattatatggaacattattagtgtagttttttcaattacatgaatatga
tattcaggattatctttttcggatattcctgaaattccggttatttttctgaatttttattttttcccga
tatccaaaaggttttccatacaagtttattttatatttttgtaatatatttggtttttaagcttttttag
tcatcactcttacaaaaatttggaaaagtttcaacaaaattgagaaacaactcagctgaaaacaaagtta
aaagtaaaataagggggaaatattccggatttttccggatattttacgcaaacaattttccggatttttc
gaatatgacctggatgatctatggatattgcttttaattttgcttgtttcatttttgttgttcatattaa
tatttgattaatttacttaattatctgatccaaaaaaatttcgaccttgaaggaggacgtaaatagactt
taaacttgctgttacgttgatagatttacgttagggttcgtccataaattacgcaacgcaaaaaatattt
taagaacagaagtaggagatattaagctcttttacgcagcgattttcatttaacttagtttcctattttg
attatttatttaaattaagattctgcgagggaacacttttgatctttttttgttttgtttattgtgaaat
tttgcgttacgtaatttatggacgatcccttatttacaatttaaaaacgttacatcgcgttagtaaggaa
attataaagagaaaaaactttataacgatatttaaaaacgatagatctcataagtaaagaaattacaaat
tcttatataattatttatattataattaattgcattaaatcttttaaaaaaaaaactcttgataattaca
tctcgacttgggagaaattctgtcagaaatgatgacttgatctaataatttgaatttaaatttgatttaa
attaaattctgagaaatataaggcaaaacaatttatttactttttaaaaagttatttaatagttaatttt
ttttgcttattatatttataacacttacactggttttacattttgacttatgacgtagtgcgatgcttga
gatcaaatctctgcttaaccgggcacgtcaacctctttttgaggcggtttgtaaagaaggttacagttct
cttacattttatgtagtaaactataattgtatccgatatataactaaaatattcatttaataagttgtta
atacatagttagaggggcggctgtaaaaattttttgaatactactaaataaactttcaatatttctaaat
ttttctgacttatttcaccaacatttattttatgaatctaatctggtgcgcacatactaagttttaataa
aaacttttttttaaaaaagttgacaccaccctgcctttagaaaaaaaaaaactgccctcttactgtttct
aattcactgactgtacaatgtgcacaaacgtttgcgctaaaggttttagcacctgaaaaacattgctgct
aagctcaaatctgtccttacattcttataagatccaaaaaattaaatccttcaaattgcatctaggtctt
agtaagtcagcgcccctggttgtggaagcactattacaaatcccagcgtctattcaacattcttggcaca
aacacgcaagatgggttattattatatatcttaatattctgttgcaattttaaaaaataatttaaattgt
gtaactgatttataaaaaagtaaatcaagttaaacaaccttcaaacaggtgtttttcgtttagaacaaac
ttgtttttcggaatattttagctaaaactccgaagcaaaatttagattttgagaatgattctttttccta
atgaaatactactagattatcatttagataagatttttttcaaaaattttgacttgaaataaacataaaa
tgatgtttttttagtaatcggtattgcaacctttaagttctcggtaatgcaaccttatgagcatttccat
tacacagttaaaagtgtacgtctttttcaaagtaaattatttcaatatctttcataccaaataaaaagga
gaccatcacccatttccattatcactccattacaaaataacttttttgttgttttgagttttatcatgaa
atcaagtaagttatactcaagtataattagttacaatatataaatggtttaacgaaaaaaaaacttcatg
ataaatttcatatttcggattatattataaaggggatcatcacatttttaggggtgattgactcctaata
atgtttaaaatcatatcagaagaacaatttcaccatcaccccaatttttctaatgaactataacacaata
tcaatttcgggcgcgcgcgttaaattggaaggcgcgtgcattaccgaaaattcttgaaaattt
>CryptonH-2_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
aacagtggttgttttaaaattacaaaaacttgttatttgcctattatgtaaaaacttatgttctatctca
taatggtttttttggagtagatgagacatttctcttttatacatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatataatatatatatatatatatatatattat
tatacacatagatatatatttttttaagttttgaaaaagattacaagaaaagactttgatgaaattgctg
catcttcaacattgaaaatgattttttctggaaaagtatagttttaatagtttttaatcttagtttatta
aaacagataataacttgtttaaataatgttaaaagtgtaaggttatattaaatttttatggtgttctatc
actatatggtatcaagataaaaagatttgaatttcttgcaaaattaatttcaccacataatgaaattcac
cacaaagttttggtatgataggaaaagcttataatttggtgattggttgccagttttaattaaatgttca
atatacttgtgcacttaattgacttttttattttttagttgcatagttataggcacaatatatacaaaga
aggaggctcccaaaaaagtaaagattgtgttattataaaatagtagtgacaaaaaaattaaattattatg
ttaacaaaattttataatttatacttaaagtaataatgtttaagtattaatttatatttctagtttgtat
ttaaatttattttttgtaaaattaataaaattttttttttgttttaaaataaagatattttattttcact
tcagaaaatatgataaattttgaaaatagatcaaatttggttgagctgttgtccgaggatcaatccaact
ttttatatatggcattaggatcaaattttcgtgaaaccaaggtatgattaagtatacaatcaagttacca
atatgtttcaatagttgtatattttttatctaattttttttcagtacaacgattacatctataaggttat
tgttcctgaatgtattgtaagtctttttgctaaatttatgcaatggtccagaattcaggtaaaaagtcac
gtttaaaatattttatatataatagatagatacaccttaaaatacttttctttgcaacatttgcaacaaa
atttctcactttgttatatttggaacaattgttttttcataatttgatattttttaggtgtttatgttaa
aaaaattatattttagactgaagtttttttggaaaagtttttttctgcaaggttagatcagaataatttt
tctatttatttagttacaaaaaatgtgtaattattttatttacattaatttgcgcttttgctaaatattt
aaaattagttttttttatatatatttataaaggaataaacctttggaaattaaaccagcttccaaggtgt
caaatgaaaggtagatatactatttataacttttatttttcaaaccatcctattaacttataatattatt
tgttttataaaccttatttaattaagcatgaaaagtgaaataatgagagctcttgaaaacgatgatttcc
tggctgcatcaacagtatttataaacttgatatttaattatataattttatatatacatttttcaattta
gtaaatgtagtatgagtgtttatataaatatataatatatattatatatatatatatatatatatatata
tattatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatgtttttattaaaaaaaaaaaattattgttgttgt
tgttttaaaaggtcatttcaaaactgaaagcttctgccataaataaaggctctgcttcaaaagagttaaa
actcgcagaaaagttaaatgtcctcaatgttataagtgagtatatcttaataaatatttttttactgtaa
ataaaagattatgttaataactcttttattaaattgtatgaagttataacaaagttgtacttagtttata
cttagttatacaaagttctagcaaagttaatacgaagttatttaggttcttaaaaaaagtaatgaaagta
attttcataaatattatataaagattacaaaatttgatacattaaatttaatacatattaagtattgttt
tgtatagtaaaaagtatataagttttgtctcagtattaagacatcgatatataataagatataaactaaa
ttttttttagttattatctactttcattaagcttaatgtatttttttattgttaggcaagtggcacatct
agacagacatttaatgtctaaaaaacatgtctgggatcggataaaagcaaaaaacgctagagtagatttt
gatctcaacttaccaagaaaagtgctctcaccttctaaaagacaatcaaagatccgtcaatacaaaaaac
aaatatgtggtttttctaactgcctgaaagaagttaaaagattaaacaatcatctaagacaatttcatgg
tttgaaaacaaaagaagaagttcaaagagcaactatgcttgcaagacctgttcttgaaattagtgataaa
gagtcaaatgacgagtcaagttctgatgattcttcatttacagacgatgaagtattattagaaaataatt
tcactaaagccattcatagcgacagcaatttcttggcttcagacagtgaggatgatgattggcttggtat
tcaatatcttcaaaagagattagaaaagtgttctgaagatcatattgggcatgatcttagaagtaaaaga
gatatgtcaccaactaaagaagattctgaaagttcatctgtkgactttgaagatggtgagcagatttttt
acatggcttcatctgaagaagaacaatttttagatgattttgtaatttggctgcaaagtccagatggtgg
gatcaaacctgagcgtacagctaaaaaacataaaaatgtaattatgggtgttgtgcgacatgctgcagat
gatgacattaattacaagcatctttcttgcacttcttttttaaactcatggatgttgaaaatgcaaagtg
accagaaacaacctggaacaattaaaacttatttaggttcgatacaaatatttttagatttttgtatttt
gagacaaagaaatgatatcattactaatgatgagtatgtgaaactaaaagttttaattaaacaatggatg
cgtaccttatggaaaggcattcaagaaaggcagtatgagaaagatttagaagattttcacaactttccat
ctgagcaagaaatcattcaatttgatgcttcagattatgttaaaaatgcaaagaaaattttaaaaagctg
caataacagtaactttgttttaaataagtctaattattgtttagccagatcatatttattaacctacata
ctattcaataatgcatcaaggcctggtgcaactgcaaatatgacaattggtgaatttagaagagctcttc
ataatgctagcggctatacaattagtgttaagaaacacaaaacaagctacaaaggacctgctaacatagc
aatgactgtagaactgtacaatgaagttgcagtttacatagagtttcttaggaataagcttgaaggtata
tctcatccaactgataaggaacctgtattcctaagtttcagtggtttagctatggattcatcaatgatat
cctcgcagtttaccctattttggaaccgtgctttgggcaaaaagaattcagattcttctgcaatgaatcc
aacccttgtgaggaaatacactacaactaaagtccatagtaaatttcctcatttaaagcaaaaaacagca
caacacttgtgccacagcttgaaagttgctgaatcaaattatgcattgtatgacacacgaaattctgcat
caagcacatgtactgcattaacttctgtacaaagatcaactgatggagtttttaaaaatgttactgataa
agtagacaccactatggacttgtttaatgatgagataaacaaaggtttgattactattgccgatgtaaga
aaaaagatttcaggtgcagacagtgatttgaagaaagtcttggataaagtaagacatacaatccgtaaaa
gaaatataactgcaggatccacaccaaatgttgaaaaggttcaattctcaattgagcctagaattgaagc
aatcgaagaaaaagatgattttgcagggaaaaaaaagaagaaagatgaacctataagaaagttatataat
tttcgagataaaaaagaaagcaaaataaatgtaaatgatgaatttttcgaaagcacagatgatgttaaaa
ctgatgatttttcttaccttgattatattgcaccatctccagaagtcgcattcaaaagaacaagaaaaga
gtttgctgaagatgataatcggcttatatacaaatatctatcatcaattatattttcaaatgaacctatt
gttaaaagtcagtttacatcattattaaaaagtcaaccagaattagttcatcttgtgaagcggtttgggg
ttcaatcattgattgtaaagatgagaactgaaagacaaaagaatttcaaaacattataaaatattattag
tattaaaatataataaaatattttctgtttgcctttatattatggttgttaaatattgaagtttactttt
aaattttaaatataatactacaataaacttgaagcattattatatactattttattaagtttttctgtgt
gtttagtagaagaggtttttttatgaataaagtagaaaatatttttgatatgttttgatatgttgcttaa
gttactgtaaccaaagttacagtatatgtaaattaaacttaaagtaagtttaacttacatataatttaca
tttaagttaaactaacatatatatttaattttaaaaaattaaagaataataattttaaataattaatatc
attaaatcaaattattatttttaatcaaattatcatttagttatttaataatcattaagaattgcagaat
ascaaagtaacatttaacaaggtagcaagtatttgtttgaactttaataggtttaatttgttaatatagt
ttttagcagttttttgcaatcgctgtttaatttgaataatttattatttgatttttttccttttttaaac
aggtagcattaatgtgatgagaatctatcagtaatggtgtgatagcattgatgtgatgagaatctatcaa
gtttaaaagacaaataaaaaactcctttaaaattaatttttgtgtagcttatttttttctgaattagtat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatgcatatgtatatttaacatttttttatttatttagttatctagaagcattgcaaggtatata
taaatagtgaaaaggtatagcctaaatattctaggcaagctgtactaaattgatttacgagtagagcata
atagaaaacaggaaagcacatgctttgtaaaaatcatctttacaattcaaggcaattcattatttatttt
ataaattttttttcaatttgtactttattactatattaataaatgctgaaagctataatttttgtcatta
atgttgtcacacctttacttatgaaatataatcatttaaattgattctattggcacatgattttgttcca
agtttaatggttccaaaatatggtcctttttttttcggacactttattctcttcttcaacacactttgcc
attcattaaaaactgcaataaaaaactcgatgcacttgttatctggcttttctctaatccaaatccaata
aagtaatctgatgatttcgcaaggatcttataggttcactaggtgttaatagtttagaacgtagattcat
ttttgttgtagccacagaaaaaacacaatacaaacagcagcaaaagcacatggctgagttactaactaat
tgagaaaacatttaaagaattttgctacgaataacttttctatcgttaaaaaaaaaattttttttagccc
aacatttacaaaagccttgaaatcttttataaatacatttttattttgtcccgcatttaagccagcacag
ttaataatagttagcgataacgtataacgaaatctggcgcaaattcctttactgactttgccaaattaca
aaacaatttcgctatttaattcggggtacccttaaattagtttttttaagtcaaattttttatacaacag
taaaatagtaaataatactgtgtaaaaataaaataaagacggtacggggcgggcccgccgggcgcccggc
gggggccccgcccgcggggggcgcgtagtaatttccaaataattgcgctttatttatacagataaaatga
atttattgtcacataattttgttagtatttcagtcgctttaattgtgaaaattgtttaattgatatagat
atataaaaatcgttttatatatctatatcaattatgatatagatatataaaactagaaatcactgtttta
aacaatatagctggaatgtaaataccaagttggctggcttcaactataaaggttttatgcaaaccaatat
ttataaataactgaaatatgaatattgaattgcatatttagaattaggacaaccacaaaaaatcttaccc
tgtgccgagttatattacaaaattagatacgccaaaaatttctggctcaaaaccaagaaacctcaggttc
tataccggcacctgccagttctgagataagaccgttagtttttcttaaacacctttaaagcgttattata
acgcttgaaggatgtttaaaatktgattttaaagatgtaacatgtgagtatgatttttaaatgagttaag
tattgcaagttacaagtaaagataaggattgtaggatttgaaaaaaaaaagttgtttatttagctaaagc
cgggatcaaaccatgaacactgagttctaactcagggttctttccaagtcaaagctaaccaatgctgcac
gctaaaaaattaaagatatatatttaagttttaatatctttaagtcttttataagccttatggctcttat
gacacttagaaatgttttaaaatgtgatttgaaaaaaaaaaattttgtaagactgatcaatttggttaat
ttagtattaaaatcattcaatgaaagcatttagtatatttgcactatttaaaagtagaaacttatattac
attagattgattaaacaaccttataaggcctctctgtctttttttttacataaaataaaaagtcaagcag
atttttttgttttcaaattaaaaagaaaatctaaaatgaaggtacaaaaggtcggtcgcaaaactctaag
gccctcttccccctcccttacagttcgggcttgatagtgagtataaacctaataattaaattttttaggt
aaaatatactagttgcagacagaaaagtgtgtttgatatttattaatagtcagttaaacctaaaaatatc
aaaatttttcaataactaattttttaaaaaagtgcgcccttatgttactaaaatcaagaaatttatataa
taaaatatataatgaaaatttcaattaaaaaataatacctatattaatttatatagtataatagcagaaa
taaaaaacttcattaaaatatttaactacttgcgcttatatgaacagaaataaaataggacatcaatttc
tcttttcctacgattgcaactgaaaagttttaacaaaatcgaaccgatcaaagacatttcagcaacttca
ctcaagataatgcgcggaaaaaaaaaatacaagtagcaaaaaaatttagggaactaaaatataaaaagtg
gtggaactatgttatagggggaaattacttggttttcagaaacagttgttgttttttggcgaagttttct
atagcgaggggaattatgtttggccctcatgttacgcaagccgtaaaaactagtaaataaaaagttaatt
ttgtatgcgtaaaatattcaatttaagttaaaaaaatactttaaaataaaaaataaatataattttgcag
caattaaaaaaaaattgttttaaataacgtttttacgcttctcttgtctcaatgtctaaattcgtaacac
tagggctcttccgcaaaattatagtagtagtag
>CryptonH-3_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
tgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgataatgatgatgatgataaaatgatgaaatttttttaatccaaaaag
taactattttgattgcaggtaatagaagacggaaatacaaaaattgaagggctcgaaaagataaacaagc
aagaaagtgaaacattgcaaatagaacaggttaaatagaaagtgcttaccctctacataatggcattgta
aagtagagaaatattttgttgattaaattattcataattttttttgtaaagctacttacggttaaagata
aaagaataagcaagaaccatgtgccaagtttagttattgaagatgaagtgccaatagaagtaaacaaggt
atatgtctatttccagtgctgtaccgaccgttagtttgggcgctaccgtttataccactttttctttctc
ccaacctccttaatatggaaacctctataccaggctccgtggaggagggcaggtatggaggcttctatat
catgcctcttaaagtattacataaagtagtccaggggtgtggtgttggctctaaaaatgtgacatttatt
gacactttttgatacccctttgccctaagactgtcacgtgttatttgaacagccccttagttagaaaaat
atattttttcaaatatttagcatagtattatattattttagagttgtaaaaagagaagaaaaaaagaatc
aaggcgtaaagttgattgtcctaagtgtggagagtaagttatactgattagatttttattttcttactga
ttcttttaaatgtttataaaaaaaaaattaacattttttttattattctgakcttttactttctactgtt
tattttcaactttattttttccttaatttgctttcaggtcagttgctcaattaaaaagacacttaaaatc
gagaaagcataattgggataatattaaggcatcaaatgcacgtttagactttgggctaaaccttaaacga
aaagtcttatcaccttcaaaaaggcgttcgaaggtccaaaaataccaaaaaaaacttgtcctataagttt
ttgtttaaaggaagtacgaagacttgacaaccatttaagacaatatcataaagtcccaacaaaggatgtc
aaacctctagtggaaaaagctacttgtgtctatgaacgatcaacaagtgaatcagaatcactaacagaat
cagatgagagcttaagtctagaaccttattttgataaagaagtgtttcaacaaggtgcaaattttttaga
tacatcaacagaaagtgatgaagagtggctagcttcacaatatgtggctagtagatttaataacaaaggt
tagttcttaaaaacaaatactatgtttctaaaatcttaaacctaactatgatattttaaacccttttttt
tttatttcgttacagaaaatcttccttgtcactcaaacgatttaagtaattctgatgattccgttgaatc
agcagattttgaagacctggatgataaattctacatgacatcatctgccgaagaaaagttcatgaatgaa
tttgttgattggcttataagcattgatggaggccagaaacctaaacgatgtgctttaaagcacaaaagtg
taatattgggaattgttaggtatgaaagtgaatttgaaatcaactacagtaatctaagttgttcttcttt
tctgagcttgtggatggaaaagctcaataaagataataaaaaaccgggtaccatcaaaacttatctcgga
tcggtaaaacatttcttagatttttgtattataaaggaaagatctgatattattacaagcgaaaaacatt
caaaaataaaaacacaaatttcaaagtgggaaaaaactctatggaagtccattcaagaaggtcggtatga
gaaggatcaaattgatcttgaaaattttccatctgcagaagaaatagttatcttagataactcggatatt
gttcttgaagcaaacaagattattaatacaagcagcacaaataaacttacaaaaactaccttttgtttag
caagggattacttacttacttgtattacatttgacaatgcttctcgtcctggagcagtatcgaacatgac
tttaaatgaatttaaaaaatcaatagaaaagaaagacggttttattgtcagtgtaatgaaacacaagaca
agttataaaggaccagctcatattgttctcagccattcgttatattttaaagtaaaaaagtatattaaat
ttatgcgaaatatgctggatggggtttcaaaaaaagatgattcctatgtttttttaagttggagtggaag
tccaatttcttcatcaatgcttagtaaacaattttcatctttttggcaaaaaggtactggtaaatcgtgt
ctaaacccaacaattgttagaaaatacaccacaactttagtacatgataagtatcctgagcttaagcaaa
atacagctcatttgctatgccataatgttaccacagccgaaaaatcatatgccatagctgagaaaaggaa
caaagtcgcagaaactagtaagcaaattcgagaggtccagagagaaacatatgctgacaatcaagcacct
tccttgaatttgatttttgaatctgaaattttaaggggcagtataacattgcctgaagtccgtgaaaaat
ttaatcagtattctcttggtgatatatcggataataaaaaggtgaaaaaaattctagatgatgtgcgcta
tttaattaaaaaaaacaaagcatctgatgatgattcggattttaatcctaagaactgttcagattttgaa
aatgataagtttacaattgataacctttcatccaacaaacacagtgatattgtcccatcttcacctacta
cgtcattgtattctaaaacaagaaatcggaaagagtatagccaggaagatttaactttagttaataagca
tttaaagcagtttatcgactcaaacacaacattgttaaaaaaagaagtgcaacagtatttagaatcagtg
ccagagtgcaatccactactagaaaagtttggcttaagatctttaattattaaaatttgtacagaaaaag
gaaaacattaaatagtatttacctttgtactttgtgtttttgtacctatgctggtgatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatattaaactattttt
ctttagtgtgtttataatatatatatatatacctttaataattcagttttttttttaattagttttttag
tttcatgatgttaaatgataatgaagtaagataattaataggttccctagttattggtcgtgataggtcc
tcgttagagtacattctcataaaaattgtttttttttttcatgtcctatcaaatagagaaattttgaaac
cctctaaaaaccctctcttgaaaccctctaaaaatgtaaaactgtataataataatttaaaagcaaataa
taggcacgaattaaaattaagtttgcatatcgacattaataaacaagttaactagacgtaattatgcaga
aagcagccagccaacaatttctttccataaaaaagttggatagggggcaagtgacccttgatctcctctc
ctctggtgtcgtcggccctgtccaattaagattgatgtcaaagaatgaataaagtaatttttcatataaa
taatattaaaaatttttttcaaatttgattaatatctaggcataaatgctttcactgagagttttttttc
aaacttccttatccacatgcgtcagtgttgcctaaatttattaaaaacttaatcctaaacttaaggccgc
aaagattcttttagactccgcgcttgaagaagcaaacaaaaaatgtaatgttttttttacgttgaatatt
tttgttgtgtggctctttataatttatatatatagcttgaatttactaaaattaaaattgtttacttatt
ttttacaataaatatgtcattaactttttataggtaacatatttatcaaattttttctatattattggtg
ataaatttattttttgtgtataatcatctacataaaattgaattgtaataatgaattattttacttaata
tttttccttttttaatttattaattcataacttttaaagattaacaataatattattaaagtattaaacc
aaaaatatattaaataatttttaaaattttacaattctaaaattatcatttactttttattatccactcc
tcgcctttgagttttactaatttattaaaatccataataaaacgttttatttgacttaaagtttagatca
agaaattkagtatttaaattaagaaaataccgtagccctcatgctatgcaaaaaaaatattggaaaatta
atttaaacacgttagctattacatataattaaaaactttttmtatttttgtgcaaataaatcaagataaa
aacttcataaaaggaaaaccttactcacttttggttacatagttgtaaaattaggctatttgcattgaaa
aaattcagaactcaaaattaagttcaccacaactttaaataagtttccgtgaactttttggacgataaaa
aaatctaattttcagtagtagcaaatgaaatactgacaaagtggaattttgtgataagtgtgggaatttg
ctcctttttaagaaaaaaacaacctttttatgacatattatgaaaattcactaataatccgaaaagccct
tatgttacgcattgctacaactactgtcattttgtgtaataattttctatcgtaaacaacattaaaaaat
ttgtatttttttgttaatattataaaattataagatagattttgtcaaaagcatttaaaaaattagactt
ttcaaaatttgtctctcccatttttacgctagactgtttagcaamatgattgggctcgcgagcggagtta
tagtagtag
>CryptonH-4_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
tgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgataaattttttaatgtgagatatgtttattgaatttttatagttacac
atatgttatttttaggaaagtgcagtaaagcgtctccttgatgaattagtaataaaggtacaattaagtc
attttaaagattttcacttcattattttcaaatgtttgagttttaaatgtttgtattctaattttaaaaa
atgttgtatttttaacattgctaaaattttagtttttttttaggtttcttcatatcaggagaatgatttt
tgtgaactaccttttgaggcttgcgaaatattaaaatggttattataaaattcttactattaatgtttta
aagttaatattaatgatttaaagtaaataaaaattaatgaatggctaattacatttaaaaaaatattttt
aggctcatgatcaaggtttaattattgatgagaaagagaaaaaatcaaaaattaaaacagtgatgaagta
cttcaaaaggtaacttgagtattagaaaaaaaagtacaacaaagtttttaataaagatagttttatatta
aagtttttagttttttattaaagtaggaaagtagttttaaatattaaaattatgtttttcattcattttt
tcagagaaaaaaaataaccagtaaaaaagacctttctttcaaagaatgcaatgaaaataattttgagagt
atgataactgtatttatgaaatctggaaaggttttggaagcagagaaggcatgtatttactcaaatattt
tcatttatatgtatatacattgtaaaatcttttatataattttacaattttatatatatatatatatata
tatatatatatatatatatatatattattatattatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatacacacacacaaataattttaagttctacatgaaaaaatttgtttt
aacttaaaagatttacatccggtctgttactaataaaattgaaaaacaaaatgtggtgttgtgttggggc
atcagttttgtttttctgctgtcagccatgtttgtcaaggcttgtgtttctgagttaaagtctttaaagg
gggttttaacaacaattaaaaaattaataaaaagttagagctttcttgactatagtcagggcctattaca
ggaaaaaaatttgggcggcggttcccccatcaattcggtaaactttggcgaaaaattggcgtttttttgc
aaaaaaaaacaatatttgccgtaaaaaaagagttttccatatctatttttttaatatcatttattttgtt
tattattttttaattattattttgtctttgctatagatgttcaaaaaatgggtatcttcaaagaaacaag
ttaagttaaaaaagcaagaagtttatcctcgcgaaaaagtcaagtgcccaatatgttacaaatgtgttgt
tgacttccctagacatttacgatcatcgaagcataaagtaagtaaagaagatgctcgtattgctagagga
gtttatggattaagaaaatcagctgttgcaagttcagaagctgaaaaaactgtaaaatatgtttgtccaa
tgtgcaaagctgttgtgaagcgtattcacgaccacttatacaagtctccacattatcttaaaaatgaacc
tgaaaagtatagagaaatgcttcaaaaaaaaactatttttgaaaaagtaaatcatattacagttccttta
aagcaccagcaaaattacaattttcagcagtcattggattcaaatgtttcacttgatcaattcaatattc
aaaacccggaatcaccatctattagtaatcgtaccaaatctattgatgatgaacccacttttaaagatta
tcttgaaatcttttgcctttatttaaaaagtcgatccggaggtaataaagatttaaaatctgcatccaat
gagatgggtcaagtcaggagaataatggaggttttgtcttcagatgatccatgctatgataaattttttg
acctcgagcgattacaaacactttggtttcctcatgcgcaaagaatgatgtatgaacctggaacaaaaag
gtcatacttgttatccttaagccacttcatagatttcttaattcgttcaaaattaactccaaatgttcct
tatgttgtaccagtcactaaagtagaggctgatgttatgcttgtttgtcagagcgaaatttctaaatgga
gacaatctttgagagctgaggaggaggagaggcagtttgatgttttaattcaagacggtgaaaaaatgat
cccaaaagaatactttaaggctattcttgatagcaacttcaatgtcacagttataaaaaaaattaaagag
atacactgtcaatactctttaaaaccaaacgawtttattttaacacgcagtttatacacaaataccagag
actgcattttctttaaaatggtatgtgataatatctctcggtcgggagctatcgcaaatctgacattaga
agagtatttaaaaggaacttttactccaacaggtttgtatgttgtgttggtgagaaaacacaagaccttt
aaaaaatatggaccctgccaaattgttattaattcagaacttaaatttttgtgtgactgcttttataaaa
ttataagaaatggtgttccaggacataaatcagaaaatatgtttgttacatggtcaggatgtagtttgga
atcaggtggtgtatcaacccagttaagttcatatttttcaaaatgtttaccagacagtgttagccttgga
aatgttagtgctactttaataagaaaaagtttattaacgtttttttatgataattaccctgatatgaaaa
aagaccttgctactttaatgaagcacaaacaaagtactggagagaaatggtattatttaaaccaaactaa
aaaagaagtttctggcacttctgaaaagatttcaaatgtaatttttggctcccaaccagacatttatacc
attgaaaatgcaatgcccaacaattctttaattggaagtcccatatcaaatgttacagataacgatctat
ttagtgagaatgaggaagatgataatgaaagcgattgggatggtgttacaggttcgttgatgacaagtaa
aaaaatatcttggactacgcttgaagtggatgaattaaaaaaaattttcaaaatcgattctacaagttca
tttagccaatctaacatacgaatgatgatttcaggaaatgatattttaaaaaaccgcaatgccaaacaag
tttacgacaaattaagccatcttcaaaaaattgcattaaaaggagatttacaagaacttaatgaaaaaga
gtgcatgacaaaaaaagttgtttttccaacaaagtatactaacttaatcagggttattttttcaaacgaa
atagctggtaaacttttaacaactgaaaaagatgtttataataaaattaaccaaaccgaaaaagcaaaag
agatgcttaatgaattttcaataaaacaaattctaacaaaaatacgatacgaaaaggcaaagttaagaat
gaaaaaaaagtaattctttgtatatcttaacgtttataatactttaacattttaaagtttattacattca
aagttttgttagaatttcttacttttattttttgttgcttgaaattttttttgttaagttgatgatcgct
aataaatttgtttaaaaggtccatgactcttatcttaattttatttataactcgagaaagattttattat
aactttaaaaagtgagagataccataaagaaattacttctaaactgctctctttacaattttatttaagt
aagatcaaaggaaatgcttctaattttacgttagtggattttttcgttaaaatagcgccgtataaataat
agcgtatgagttataatgctttatttgaattaattgtaaatatagatttaagtataaaaaaaaatttaca
ctgtaacgagtctctcttacaggctgatcagcttctatttgaagctgatttctaaaaatcaatcggccgc
aaaaccttgtttaaatataggagagagttaccttaattggaacactttaggaataaatatctattaacca
aagatggcctaactatgaaaacatttatgatttgattaatacaaacagacaaccctactacacttttaac
cataatttgacttaattgattgtactaacaaaaaattgtgttaaagcttcaactgccttgacgttctctt
aatttattgattaaaaatcactaaataaagtattatttttaaggtatatgattgttattaagtattttta
aatttttttgaacccttcaattttattattaagtaatgaaaaagttatagttccaatcaaggaaactgtg
gactattttgtaatatcactgcaatacaatcacagcatatacaaatgtgtgtgggaaatcgtttaataga
gcgaagaaaaaacaataaaagtttaaacgatgatgaaaaagtataccaaatgaaaaaaaggtataagagc
tgttctaaatcattgtactaacttttttagacaaaatgcagcgtcatgtactatgtcctagaggattaaa
tagttagtgtaggtggaagaatagtgaagaaggaattgataaatacaagcctaaagtaaatattcctcta
tggatttatgatgttataaagaaagattttgatgacttatctgatgattctcttcttaaaaaatgcattc
atggagagatacaaaattgtaatgaaggacttaataacataatatggtctcaatgtccaaaaaatgttac
aagatttttgcttgaagtggtagttaatctgaaataaaaaaagcttatttacctagtggattttaaattt
tttatgcttttgtattttatttatcttatttctcagacccaatattaagatatcaacgtgatatgttgat
attgggtcaagcagtttacttcaaattttcaggagttattcaaaatacctaaatgaagggaatgaatgta
aaaattttaaaaaatgcattgatttttgcctttttagtgttttgacctagctctaccacctgaaaatatt
gcaaagagcaaaaaatcttaaataaaaaggctaaatgttgtttgtttccagagattttaattcattacct
ttatttcatgggttgacagacaattgctaagtttcaaaacttaaacattgttataacttaaaaaatcgtg
ttgcaagtgtaggtattaaatgctttattttcacgtaatttcgacaattttctgcttttttatgaaagat
ctacatatttagcgatatttacgttgtaagaaatatatttaattatttgaaacaaatggaggtttttaaa
gttttgttacagttctgaaattttttttttttgtggttattctgttatccgaaaatctctgccaaaggat
gaaagattctacataaagtaacattgtgtaaaagcagtgatgtcccacggatttaagtggaattcttgtg
gtaagcacggaggcaaaaaaaagtacattgtttccacaatactcgcatattaaataattcctaatataat
ttgcaataaaatgagatttaattttctaccatatgtgcgtattaaatggcattttggtaatgtggttatc
aactctaagcaatcgcagagtatttactgaggaatgaataaacaaacaacaaaaaaagaaaactgattaa
aaagatttattgtatcatgccaaagtgctcaaactacatagtagcggtccagcataacgcaaacagcaat
catacaccctataaagagagggatcaacaaaacaaaaggataagtagttacatttaacattagacaatat
tgttttgtccttaagaacttatcagtaatattctgattttatgggaccaaatcatagcactaaaacaagg
aaactgatttaaagcagttaaaaagatttttgtatcatgccaaagtgctccaactaaatagtagtgggcc
agagtaacgcaaaaaacattgacaatgtgcccagcggaaaaggggggcatctaggttaagggggtatata
tgataaattaatatatgaaaacaatatagccacatcaaaactaatttctaaatagtgtcttctagaatta
aaatagcataactagttttggttttgagatttaactaatttaacctcacaataaatagattttcaaaaat
ttgttcggtaacgtaacctttttattcggtaacttcacattcaaagctttcatcgtcattaagtatatga
aaaaattatttaactataaaaactaaaccattttctgagatttcatataaaattaaataaatccctacta
aaacaatctcaacaattaaaaaaaaaaaacgatctcattattagaagcaaaaaatgcattttttcaagat
ttcaagtaaatatttcttcaatatctttgtcaaccagtttaatttaaaagttttttatgataatagaaat
acccaaacttgagaatagggatttttaaaatttattgggtgatggaaccctgaattgggtatctaacatc
tccgaaaaaaaaaattggcttcccgccaccccttttatgaaaaaatgactaaatcggaattgcaaccgga
agtttatgaaaacacccctgcaaaacaaaaacatagtttaaaaagtttgaaattgtttaattctaaaagt
ttatgggtagaataaataaaaaaaaactcatattagataaaaaaaattatttacgcaccgtgactatacg
aaaatgaaagtgaaaaattattgttgcaaaaccgaatttagatccacatggtgatgatgatgatgatgat
gatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatgatg
atga
>CryptonH-5_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
tatatatgatattgtatttaaagtattattaaataaatttttcataataaggaaaaatgttatgctcaat
atttttcagaatatgaatctgagaattgtataatttttaatttgttaataatttgctttacaggtttgtt
cagatttaaataaagacattgagtttcatgttgagcaagttgaaaaagtaagttgttgcactgaaacctt
tgttttgtgtttttgattttacttctttcatttttaataagtcaatatttctacaaaagttgattatcag
ttcagataagttatgattcaaataaattgggcattttttcttttctctcaaaattgcctctcaggcaata
ttgagagagataacaatattgataaatatataagaatatcagtactaccaattaccaaaattacttattc
acaaaatcttatcttaaattttcctttttattatcttgttacacattatgtatataagtttttattcaat
ttttttaagaatgttgttgaggatgttgctgagctaagcgacgaattgcaaataaatgtaataattattt
ctttactctttacttaaaattttggtgttgtttactttaaattgaaatatattttttcaattttaggaat
atattagtgatatgaccaaagtttataaaaagtttggaagaaaattgtaattttttttttatgtttcata
aatttcatcaacaaaaattactatacaaattttttaatttatttaattttatttagacaaaagagaatga
aatttgcaacaatgctattgaaaggtttatatcttgtttaaattcagattataacttttactttcacttt
gttactttaataagcttgtaaaaagaacactaagttttacaaactttacacttcttaatgaaatttttaa
atttataggagagtataataaattacttatatctattataaaatactatatatctattaaagttgaatta
ctcttatctgctgtcttccacaataatttgagaaacttaacttgccatatcagattttatattggttgtc
taatactttagtaactttggtttttctcttattttttttatttttttattttttatttttttgttgcaaa
tattttatctttgttttacctgttagataattgttttatagtcgaaatatgatggatgaaaatgaggaga
ccaaaatgggaagtatgttgacaggttttatgagagttggcaaactttctgaggttgaaaaggtaaaagt
atttttaaatattaaaagttatagaaatatataatgataaaaataatattaataataataatatactaac
aataataaaacaatataaaataacaatgacaaaattagttctgagctaatattcaatatctcatagttat
tagttttatagaattaaagattatcattattttttaatcggaactttatcaatctttctcagatttaaat
gcaatttttttttttagatattcaatgcagattcttaatgcaattttagatattcaaagaatggaaagcc
aaaaaaaaaatcaagaaaagcacctcaaatgaatataaaagcacaagttcacatagttcacataggttgc
cagtaaaatgcccacttccgggatgaatgatagcataattgatttaccaagacatgcacgttcatctaag
catggactttcaaaggaagaggccaaaaagttaagaggaaagtttgatttgagaaaagaaagggctaacc
tttcaagtcaatcttccagaacaattaaaaaatacagatgtcctatttgcaatgttattactaaaagaat
acacgatcatttatataggtctcctcattatctcaaaaacaatctgtctaagtacagagaaatgcttgat
agaaaaagttctatataccaattaaaattaatttccttcatactcttataaaactcaatcaacagattta
agcaaaggtaatcctccaatcgtaaatatagaagagagcccaagttttaactactctttttctcgtattc
cggacaaagatggtgtactgattgaaccctcatttcaagattacctcgatgtattttatttatatttaaa
gagtttatctggtggcaaaaaagatagtgtagctgcgcataatgaaatgaaacaaataatgaggatgatg
caagttgtttcaccacaagaaccctgttacactaagttttttgaccttcaaaatttagctaaagtttggc
agtcacatgtagttaaaaagggttatgaacctggtacccagcgatcatatttgctttcatttactcactt
tatagagtttttgattcgatcaaagctaacaccacatgttgacaatgttttgcctgtaaatatttctgta
gatgtgttaaactcatgcaaaaatgaggtttctaagtggagaagtgctttaaaaaatgatgaaagcgaca
ggcaattcactgtcatgatgcaagatctagaaaatattattccattagaagctttccaagctgtgcttaa
tagtgaattttatgttgaagtgacaactaaagcaaagacaattttttcaaagtatggagataaaccatct
gaatattttattactcgctcaatgtttacaaatttgagagacagcattttctttagtttaatcataaata
atatttcaaggtctggagcagtatccaacatgactattgatgagtatttaaaaggaacatacacacttac
taagagttttatcgttcttgtaaaaaagcacaaaacagcacggaaatatggtccttgtcagattgtaata
aatgaagaactaaaactactttgtgattgttatttgaggatttttagaaatcaaattccaggtaaaaaat
ctttaaatctatttgtaacatggtctggttgtgacttggagtcaggtagtgtttcaacacagctaaattc
attttttacaaaatgcttgcctgatgattctcgtgataaaagaagttgtgctactttagtgcggaaatca
cttctgacttttttttatgataatcacccagaaataaagtcagagttagcgactcttatgaagcataaaa
aagagactggtgaaagatggtactatcttaatcagaaaaacaaagaagtttctgaagtgtctgaaaaagt
tagtaaaataatttttggtagaaatgatactatagtatcagactcttgcaatctttcgcaaaacgttcca
acttcgagttcaaaaacaatccaagattcaagatctcaatgttcctctattgattcaaatgaggaaaatg
atagtgataaagaatatcaaccaagcaataaagatatattattatcttgcactaaaaaaaactggacacc
agaagaaattcaagaaatacaaaatttatttatgtttgcagacaaaaagtcagttatttctcaagcattg
atacgtgaagttacttactcaaatgaagttttaaaacatcgaacaccaaaacaaatttatgacaaaatca
agcatatgcagaaatcaagcgtagtaaattataatgataacaaccagagtattcggatgaagacaatttt
caccaaagaggaaaataaaactattaaacaattgttttcatctttaattttaagtagatcaattgtgtca
aaggaaaatgttatggctataattaataacaatcttgaagccaaaaaaactttatcaaaatactcggatg
atcaactagttgcaaaagtgcgataccttaaaacaaaaataacaagcaaaaaacattaattttaactttg
tgtatcttaacattaatagtattgttcattttttaataataaaaaatcaatataaaatttattagtctct
tttattttactagtcttttttattagatcaaagtataaaaaaggtaaamaacttacataatcatttcaaa
tatgtatttaatcttataataataattatatagttttaatttatgtttttatttaaacawaagatttata
aacaacaaagtttgttatttataaatcttttttctatagatttaagttgtaacagttttaagttttcttt
ctataaaaaacttttctgaaagtttagatatttattttttagacagttttctaaaattaagtttataaaa
gatgaataataaatggcaatactagtataacctttttaacaggtacgtgtttaagtgtttaggtatttga
tcggttctttatatgttttaattttttttttgtcagacaccttattgaaaacttgaagatgcttgtgaaa
atgctgggaagattctttacaatgttcaagtatcaaacattagaatgaaggtgaaattttcagttaattt
tttttttaactattttttaggcaattttttatgctatttatttattagggcaggtgctgttagtttatta
atatacatttattcacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacacattatactgc
tgattaggtgagcatgtgacgtcatgctgaaatagcctgctgccggtgctgtatgtactgagcccccggc
agcaggctgtttcatatgtacactgctacctaaattaatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatata
tttatataataataatatatatatacttgtaatataaatttttaattatattaatgaataatttttatag
tttagaagcctaaaaattgtttggattgtcggagtatgcttatcctcgttcgcgagtggactgataattt
taaaatcttcaaaacattgattcaatatctccagaaatattgttaaagtgcaaccgcaaagagtgttgtc
ttggttgtgcttcaaaatattctaataagttcgtcattttgatgcacattaagacaacaaaactaaaagt
tttaatttaaatgaacttttttttgagaccaaaattattatgttatgataaaattgaagtaaatacagca
tttataatgcgttgtaaaagattatagaaaaaaaaaaagttaaaatttcgtgttatgatagctataataa
ataactaataaaataaatataataataaataaatatcccttgaaaattcgacacgcgcaacgctaattga
aaattataaggaatcaacttttaaatttactcaaaattaaaagaaagatgttaatttttacacgaaagtt
gttactcaaaggcaataagtagttcctttttattttagaaatcgagtaaatttattatacaacaagcgtt
gaaaccataaataaaaaaactttttagagttggatactttttaattgcttgagcgtgtaaacaacttcac
acgtttgcaagcgtacgcgcgtaaagccaggatctttgatgtgaataagatattaaaacttatatatgat
tttttatatatagacataaaaatgttattttttagaaaaaaccaaataaactttaataattaaatacaaa
aatgtttttaacgtttttgtatttaattattaaagtttatttggttattttagcttttaggataaaatgc
gcacatcatacgactttttaaaatagacacttgttacggtcaaagcagtggtttgagaaattttcttgca
aatgcactgaatatgacacttttgaactctcttttcaactataaactaacgctcacagttcactcaggta
atacagttaccttaaaaatatttttaaataaaactgtgataattattaaatacccaaatataaaaaaggt
gttttctttatttttagggtgatgtagtcataaactttttcaaaatcatgtagaacaaaaactttttaca
tcacctttgtctacccagtactgataattttggtaaagaactttttttaaactttagcttaagtatcaag
atggaataactttttaaacaatgtttttattatatggcttgagaattagaaamtaatactttcttttaga
aagcaatttgcctaaaatatccgttttcaaacttagaaccacgtattatgatcccgcgaaaggttacatt
agcgaaccagaaacaccatacgatgatga
>CryptonH-6_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
ctaggcttatttttctgattacacaaataaagttcttagatgttatagttgtttatttaaatattgtata
ttgaactaataaatactgattttacaggttaaaccaaatcaagcaattatgttgtaagttttattatttg
gttgtttataatatttttttttactttgaaaaatcttgcagcatttattttttagtttggtaatattagt
gttatgaacaattgttaattgtaaatataaaaattataatttttaaaaaaaaaaaggaataaggaaaccg
aagaaaaaaatgtttcaagcacccatttgtaaaccatgaagtagattttgctgtgaaaccaagcaatgta
agatttcataatattgttttaattatatgtttattgtgtgtgaaatttatacttacatacattaatattg
ttttaatatattttttgtatgctaaacttagttcattattttaacagagataatttagaaaatgtgatat
gataaattaaaaaaaaattttacaagttggtaatctaattatgaagttgtaaaaagttatatatatacct
atatttaaattattttttttagccggaactaccaataccaaaattttctgccaaagtaagattaagctac
atcgtatttaaaatcctattcttgtttttcaaacttttaatttatgtgtatgtaatttattagaattgct
tatctcaccattttaaatatattatcatagaaattagtattttcaacagtgaaaactgaaaaggttgaaa
acaatcaagacaatgaagaacaactatcaagtttagataatgtgctgttacttaatgaggtatttattta
tactcaatatttaaacacattttaaaatgatgtgaaaacatagtgtagtatctatatttagtttttatca
taagaaaagtactaaacaataattaaaatatttaaaatcgcattgattacaatctaattatataaaaacc
tcagattaatgaaaaattattataactaataagatttaactaaaaaatggttataatttatttagttaca
acttaattgtaaccaaataaattataaccaaaattagtaaataatttttataactaaaatttattatatt
tataggactgtagtcgaaagatcaaagtgtaagttgtttctatattttttattgttactgcactatattt
tgatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatattaaggtcgagcgatttttatagcaaaaaaaaaaagtttaaaaatcaatattcct
gagacacgaatcgatgtctattaagtataagatgaaagttaaaaaatattattttagttttaataagatc
ttgaggtttggattctaaatccttgatggatcctaatatttttgaatttttttttcctaaactatattaa
ccttggactcaaaaaaagcagaaaaaaatgcttgttttatcaataataattttattaaaaaaaattttga
gtgaaaaaaatatttgcaaaaatataccttaaaacccccgttttgatgaaaacaggggttttttaatgaa
aaaaacaacattatttttttctcttcagttttaaattaaaacaaatattatattcaaaatataatatttg
tttaaattactaacatttctaaattccaattataacattaagttgttactaaactcccatgtttttccta
aattagtatgacattatcgataacagcaaaatataatgtatgtaaataatgtatgtatttaaggatattt
acatatatagaacacatttatttttattttagaaaaaaatacaaacaagcatcaaaagaatgcatattgg
ccaactgccaaagaaaaacattaagccatttacggcacctacaatattatcataaaatgacaaaagaaga
agcaaaagaagttattggcatttataaattaaacaattcaaaaacattaacacaatgccccttgcaatgt
tcatcagttgtaaaaaggatggacgtccatcttatgaaatctcacaatttaaaaccaaatactgaaactt
ttagaaatttattaaaagaagcaaaattaccagctaattatacggcaaaaacggaaaagacggacgatct
gactttgtcaacatcaatgttaacaaaaaaattagacaatatcaaggagtatactaacgaatacaatgat
gaattgaatatcgacaaaacaagcagtgagttttcttattcagaaaatgaatcaagtgacactgaggatg
aacttttcgttccaaatgaatgttctccaacaactctacatcgaagcatagaaattctacttgaagcgtt
caaaaaatttttgattggtccagacaataaaaaagactttatatcggctgatacaacagtatctgatgta
aaacgtttttttcaaattgttggcgctacgcaagagatttctgtttattttgcaattgacactattagaa
aagtatacgtcgccaaacttgaagagaaaggtttaaaagctggaactataaaaaagtatttattttcatt
aatacactttagtagatttttaataaacgataaaacatcattacaattgtctggatgtaacttggctgat
ttatttcaaataaaggacatgctaacaacttggacaaaaagttataatagagccgaccgacaaggttttt
ataaacgtcaagaacgagatcataattcgcgtataacaccagatgaggtgtcgaagtattttaaatcaga
aggtgcaataaatgctgttgaactttttaaaacattttctttatttaaagaaagtatcactcagaaacaa
tatacaattatgagggactatttgatatttgatttgttgatcagacatgctcaccgtgccggcgttgctg
caaacataaccctaaaggagttttttaatggtgcactgagtgaagatggaaattatacagtttctgtctt
taaacataaaacaatagatacacacggccctgcacttgtagttttagaccctgaatcgtttaaatggtac
acaacgtttataaacaatgttagatcccagatttcaacaaaagttgacaatatatttatttcatggtctg
gaaaacgaatgagatctggtgctgtaaatacacaagtccaattcatgtggaaaaaagcaggcaattataa
tcctgaaaagcgtaacatatgttcaactctcatacgaaaatctgcatctacaggtatacgtgagcagaaa
ttaggaaattatcaggaagttgctcgccttatggcacactccgatgagactgctaagaaattttatttca
cacaggataaccgagcaaatgcagcaaaagccagtagtactttgcagttatattttaaaaatcaaaaatc
cacaactactactgaaactaatcagaatgaagctcttgaaaaaagaaaaaaatggagtgattcagaggaa
caaatactcaaaaatattttcacacaacctccgacaatggctgaagttgtaacaaaattaccgttgactg
gaattaataccactcctcgtaagatgtttgacaaagtcagaaccacatttaaatcaccacaaacgaaacg
cagttctaacctttcaccaccactaaaagtaatttttttaatttaaattataatcacaatttagtaaggt
ttattttcactcttttcttgctgtttatgcttttataaacaatatttatatcaatatttttatttatttt
atttattgatataaaaatctaatttaattattaaataaaatctaatttaatcatattttagagcaacctt
acacctaaaagaataaaactctttgcacatgacgatattaaagaaataagggggatcttcagtgacctga
tcaatggaggtcccatcctcgaaaacactatgaaagaaagaatcaaaaacacagactttccaaatacaca
ataaatcaaatacgaacaagattaatgtatgaagaaaaaaaaaaaagtagggtaagtagggtctttttta
ttatttctattttcaaaaatagtagaaaaaaatagttttttttttaattataatagattgtaactactaa
taacaacaaaaaaataacaacaaactttattaaatataaaattttttcttttttcaatgttattaaatac
tgtaaaactccgataagtcagagtctgaaggagaacagatctttaaatgactgactttgtaaatgtccca
gtaaaccaaagcttggtatgttgattttttaaagtgtctgacttatcataataagtcagacaactcattt
ctccgcgcagcggccttgttcgtcaaggttcctgtttcagagttgagagagggttataaccacaaataag
tctgtagtggccttatcggccttgaggaggtaattaaataaaaaaagaaaaaaaaaagtgactaaaaaat
agcaattaacacgcgttaatgcatttttaatcaagaaaacatatatttttttaccaaaataatataaatt
ttaaatattatttataaacatagatattataaaattgtacttcctcgataaaagcaaaacattgtggtgc
atggaattgcttcttatatcaaaacaatatcaacaagatttaccaataattgaaacaattatgtgaaaat
atttagtttgatgaattataatagatgcaatgttacttttttaatttttgacagttcaaagttttctaaa
attattattataaattacaattataactaatttgaaaataaataatgtaaatattacatattagcaaaag
taactaaataaaacagtacaagttaggaaatggtctgactgaatccagggtaagatttaatgaaagtttg
actaattcaaggtacaagttacagggtagccagcaacttgacctaaaaagaaataacaaaatgttaaaaa
agtcagacaatttttgatggattcagtaacaaaatattatatttatttataaataaaatatatatttttt
gcttatttgggacttaaggtcaatttattttttacttaattttttacttaactttttttgcttaactttt
taaagtaaacagtttttataaacttcttgtgagttttatttgttgcctttctattgctaaatttgttaaa
tttagattgctaagtcagggatatttaattttaatcagagaaaagtcaggaaaaatgaaatcaaaaattt
tctggccccctgagttaacaagattctactaagctagtgactttaaagctttctggagcttttcttttag
gttaaagttttctgaagtgaagaaaacttttaaatcttgatcaaatttgtattcaaatttttgttattaa
aaatttaattttttgttattaacaaaaaattaaatttttattaaaagtttaagaatcattatatattgat
tgtatttattttttagtcttttttccacatgaacgaaaggagtgagagtcaaaaatcattgggggatacg
aggagtggtattaattccagtcaacggtaattttgttacaacttcagccattgtcggaggttgtgtgaaa
atatttttgagtgtttgttcctctgaatcactcttttttcaagagcttcatctgattagtttcagtagta
gttgtggattttgatttttaaaatataactgcaaagtactactggcttttgctgcatttgctcggttatc
ctgtgtgaaataaaatttcttagcagtctcatcggagtgtgccataaggcgagcaacttcctgataattt
cctaatttctgctcacgtatacctgagatgcagattttcgtatgagagttgaacatatgttacgcttttc
aggattatagttgcctgcttttttccacatgaattggacttgtgtatttacagcaccagatctcattcgt
tttccagaccatgaaataaatatattgtcaacttttgttgaaatctgggatctaacattgtttataaacg
ttgtgtaccatttaaacgattcagggtctaaaactacaagtgcagggccgtgtgtatctattgttttatg
tttaaagacagaaactgtataatttccatcttcactcagtgcaccattaaaaaactcctttagggttatg
tttgcagcaacgccggcacggtgagcatgtctgatcaacaaatcaaatatcaaatagtccctcataattg
tatattgtttctgagtgatactttctttaaataaagaaaatgttttaaaaagttcaacagcatttattgc
accttctgatttaaaatacttcgacacctcatctggtgttatacgcgaattatgatctcgttcttgacgt
ttataaaaaccttgtcggtcggctctattataactttttgtccaagttgttagcatgtcctttatttgaa
ataaatcagccaagttacatccagacaattgtaatgatgttttatcgtttattaaaaatctactaaagtg
tattaatgaaaataaatacttttttatagttccagcttttaaacctttctcttcaagtttggcgacgtat
acttttctaatagtgtcaattgcaaaataaacagaaatctcttgcgtagcgccaacaattggaaaaaaac
gttttacatcagatactgttgtatcagccgatataaagtcttttttattgtctggaccaatcaaaaattt
tttgaacgcttcaagtagaatttctatgcttcgatgtagagttgttggagaacattcatttggaacgaaa
agttcatcctcagtgtcacttgattcattttctgaataagaaaactcactgcttgttttgtcgatattca
attcatcattgtattcgttagtatactccttgatattgtctaatttttttgttaacattgatgttgacaa
agtcagatcgtccgtcttttccgtttttgccgtataattagctggtaattttgtttctaaaagtttcagt
gtttaaattgtgagatttcataagatggacgtccatcctttttacaactgatgaacattgcaaagggcat
tgtgttgaattgtttaattagtctataaatgccaataacttcttttgcttccttttgtcattttatgata
atattgtaggtgaaaaacaaagccgacattaaatggcttaatgtttttctttggcagttggccaatatgc
attcttttgatgcttgtttgtatttttt
>CryptonH-7_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
gtgatttaaactaacaattttattgtgattaaaacaatgtttaacaatgaaaaagtgaaaacttaaataa
acattgttttcataagaaatttatgtcttcttacaatttaatttaaagtaaacatattcaagctagatgg
ttttttatattgagatttgttaatgtgtttctcataccagcattctggaccaatgcaaaaaaaaatttat
ttctaattagagttatattgttttagaaaatctgtacttgttgctttttagagtacatatatgaaacaaa
gaaccaatcattgtcatactttgtttcctaccgatgatatagatttaaaagaggttaattatgttctaat
gatctatataatgttcttgttttgcattaaataaataagtttttttttttttttttaagtaagcatgttt
aaatttagataattttgcctattgatgagtttgaacttttattactttagaaaattaaattattttatgt
ttaaggtttccaagaataagaaaagtgggtgagttttttttgatttttaggtcttcaatatttttaaaat
tcaggacttttgattaatttatattgagtatgaagtccctaaatatttgtgaagctccaatacattgtaa
aacttcatgtaaaataatgattgcctctgacttcaatatcccttttgggatttctcatctgtattattgc
tttgtagattagtatgtttgtattttataaaatttgagatctaaactaaattaaaacattaaatttaatt
aagtaacacttaattttagtatttgtatgcagcagttctaagtattatgcccatatatcaaatttgatta
attttttttttttttgtaatagctcaaatcaacgtagaaaaattaagtgtattattgatggatgctctaa
agaaacccttgatcttcccaggcatttacgtagcaaaaaacataaaaacattccagaagattatataaaa
aaagcattaactcgttttaacttaaggaaaaggtcatctgagttaagtcatttaaatgagtgtcctattc
ctggttgtttcagtgcagtaatcagagtagatgatcacctgaaaaatgttcatgggcttaaatcatctga
tgaaagttataaaagtttattaaaaaaatcagcaatattcccattaaatgatacttttacaatcaattta
ttatctccaaaaaaatataataaaaatgaaatgttagggacagtcaagttgttgaatgacaacagtcaga
aagaatcttttgtttctaataacaatttgcaacctatacttgatccagttaattccttggcagaagataa
tgcatctamaatacaaaatgtttcatctttcacagcatctaaagaattagttaatgttgatgttctttta
gcagatagtgctaaaacaatagcagatagcagaaagatgcctacaatccttgattcagataaagatgaca
ctgataatgaagatgaaggttctgaggaaaatgacactgatgaatcttttgtggcagaagattttttttt
accacttcataattgtataaatttatttcttgaaaaattcttaaactttttacttggtcctgaaaattta
cgtaaaaaaagttctgcaaatagaactgttagcgatgtaaagagattcttttgtcttgtagaagtcaaag
aaaatatttctgatgtttttaatgttgaaacagttcgaggtgtatatattccaaaacttgtggctaatga
cttgaaacctggctctatcaaaaagtatctgttttcattaattgacctctgtgactttttgttgatagat
agttctgcattacttctttcaaaatgtaactgcttagatataaaccatctaaaactaagtattaacaaat
ggagaaaaacttacaataaagcagacagaaggaatttttggttaagacaagaaagggaccatgagtcaat
gataacacctaatcaggtaaagcaatactatgagtctaaaaactccagagaagcttccgacctgtttgat
atatttagctcgatttgcaaaccagtcacacaatcccagtatattaccatgagggaccacttattagttt
tgatacatcttggaaatgcacacagatctggagtcacagcaaatataactgttggagagtataataagca
tgagttaaactcagatggaacctatattatatcagttttgaatcataagacctttgatacatatggtcat
gctcatgttgttttaaacccaataacattcaagtggttgacaatatacatcactaaaatacgttcacaaa
tattaaatcattgtgacaatatatttttaacttggtcagggcagcccatgacttctggtgctataagtgt
tcagcttggttccctttggaaaaaggctggcattttttataacgaatctggtaagcgaaatatatgtgcc
acactgattcgaaaatctgcctccactggggttcgcgaaaatactggaaacatacaagcagttgctgatc
tcatggggcatgatcctgaaacagcgaaaaagcattattatactcgttctatgcgagacacagctccaaa
agggagtttggctatcagtaagtatttttatggcagcatgcctagtactgcttcagtgttatcaggacta
gacacagattcattggctagtcctgagaacacaaaaatcagaaaaaagtggagttcagtcgaagaacgca
ttttaaaaaatacatttaatggatctcctacaatgagagaaatagttgataaaatgccaacaattaacat
agttacaactcctaaaaaaatttatgacaaaattagaagtttttctagatctccatctataaaggtactt
ttttaaattacattttcatcgtacttttaaaattgattttaaaaaaaaaaaatctttaacaaggattgtt
tttttgtttttaattgttagaccaacgttactcctaaaaggcaaaaaatgttttcaaaacaagacatgtt
actactgcattcaacttgtagtgaactttttaaaggtgggcggttgagtgaagatataattactgagctt
ataaaaaatacagatttgagcattaagtacacctggaaacaaataagaactcggattgtttatgaaagga
agaaaaaaaaccctcagttgtatgtattttttttaattaaaaattgtgtatacaatattcatattgtact
ataatgaagtattacattttttagatgtaatcaggagattatagatttaatttagatataatcaggagat
ttcgaggttagttattattttttttcttcaaacaatatgaaagtcaatttttttatattatgcacttcat
ttaaattttgctgtttatttaaatgagaaaaaaatgtttttttttgtttggattagggtaaatattttta
aaaacttcaaatttaatttctgtctatgttgttttttttttatatgtgtgtatttcactcttccttttaa
attaaaccgtttaaaaaatatttctatgtattctaaatagtgatgtaaaaatgtgtagattgatataaat
agtattattaaataatatgatttgtattagggctgaaagggatttatcaactgcagataatcaagctgcg
cgaattgctttcattaatagcagttattccgatatcaatgaggattttattttgtagttgaaagtgtgca
tggaggatgcagaaacgtaccttttttttttcaaacaaaaaatatttgttttttatatagttatccatat
attatcagttctgtttactttattgccagggtcaaattggaaaaagttttatttaattatttagtttttc
gacaatttttttttagcttttttgttaaaattagaagtttataaaagctctcggcattcacttttgaaaa
ataatttttgagtcaaaattttgaagataaagaaagttagtattttctagtagtttttatgttattttta
ttgcaagttagttgttaaaattttattgcaattttaaaatatatgcaaaatatttaaatagttatccagt
attttatcaattctgtttactttgattgccaaggtcaaattggaaaaagttttattcaagttatttagtt
ttcgactttttcgacaattttttttttagtttttttgttagctttgtcaaaattagaagtttataaaagc
tctcggcattcgcttttgaaaawtaagtttttgagtcaaaattttagatgaawaaagtcagtatttgctg
ttkagcagtttttatgttatttttattgcaagttaktttgcaattttaaaatatattmaaaatatttaaa
wttttktgggcwaagtcgtaatgtgtttatagtgctwtattstaacaatctkgatgttttktcttctaca
agttaactaggacagttgcawaacactaaaamttggtttaatataacaagaaaatctactamgaagttkg
taggctaatcatcaatcwgtaatttcatwtagwattttkkttatctttttcctgatatttccgcaattcc
agatgtttttstcaaccttagggttttscggatwtcwaaaatgtcttcccgwgcatacwagttwacctat
atttttataaatacatattgcscttttccakccatcacccataaaagtttttaaaaagtwatgaaacgca
csagatwaaagctawactagaaacataggaagggmaaatatatttgatwttttacwcaagctattttkac
gcaaaattattttataattstcagtatatattaattttgtttcaaattcagataactgcwaggttgaagg
tcgaaaagataactattatggagtatatctgtaaaacagataaaagtacttwaagtattacaatttttag
taataaggcatataaccattcttgataggtggttwatatgctatataactaaaaaagctggctgaattat
tctgaagmtkmttttagtggagtgcggagcatcctcaagtaaatgatgtataamwtgataaaaaacaatt
atgtggtgascatwcatttttgctkcagtcttawcgtccmwgtwtttgtaattttawatwwtattatttg
ttttwtatatatwwacatgaaasatacaaaacaaaaacgtwttmtwwttcccttttcttattccacaaag
acg
>CryptonH-8_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
gaagaaagtgcttgtgaagataactctaaaaatttgtttcaaattcagttaacaggttagagttgttttg
atcacaaaagcaaagttgaatttttttatttgttttttccaaattattaaatttaaactttaaacttaat
ttttagtaaaaaagtttcacctcgaatgatagttgctgccagatgcttgacagatatatcaaaaagaaag
taagttaaggtttttattctagtaacacttttccagtttatttagtttttctttgtaagttgatgcttct
tgttttttaaaacaaatactattttgaaaaacgtttcaaattcaaaagtagattgatgtcaagaataaat
cttttttaaaattgaaatatttctttttatgatggtttatagcgattctgaaagcaataatttgacaaat
gctaatgaaactccacttataacgtaagtttattgtttagttatattttttgataaagaaaataaaagca
acagaaatatgattgttgacaaactgatttttattttatgaacaataaaacatggataatgctggttttc
taaataaatttwttgtaaagawtttatattcatacttaaaaattttaatatttttaaatatagtaataaa
taaaaaattcttttttaaatgtttggtttgtagatgcttggaacagagcgctgatgttkgtaattcaaat
aataaattattaaagtatgtaactttgcttgtaatcttttaaattcaagtttttttaatttaaaaatttt
tcagaagtttatacctgattgattgtggtttatcgttttttcgtattttgtttatagtgggttagaagag
agcactgtgattgattgggcatgtagccaacatttaatgtaagaatgctgcttttctctttcaaataaca
taataattaaaaattatgttttttttattaaattttaattattaatatgagatatgcactaattcctgta
agatatttagctttgaagactcaacaaaaatgattaatgaagatacaatattagcagatatatttcacat
aaagtaagtttaaaaaatgttaaatacaacaaagcaaaagtaacttatctaaactgattaaatgttgtgt
gtacttattaagtttttttttacttgatttgtagtgctttagagcagtgcactaagtttgatggacaaag
tagtcttaaagtattaaagtatgattcacaaaatagcttaattatttcctaatattttaataattaatat
tttaatataataataattaattattaatatgtattaaatatttctgtttacatttttttaaatttcagcg
acaaaacaataaaatacaatgtaatagagaaacacttaccgattcatcacaaatatagtaagttgtttat
tttttactatctctgttaatttgatttaatataaaatatgacattttgtcattaaactttatgccctggt
ttatgcatattagttaaaagttgttaattttgttttgtagtggtttagtagaaagtacttgtgaaaatag
tgctaaaagtttgtttttaaagtaagtttatagatagtgggtagtttactgcttagttttatttttattc
aaagttattggttattaaacagaaataaagaagtttttaaactattttcaattctgagtcaaaattttca
ataatttgacttaattttatattagatttgaaaataagaaagtttgtcctttttgtcatgagtcaaaagt
aaaattaacagatcacgtaaaccgagtacataaacgtccaattgaaattagcaaaagtgttgttggttta
tataacttgagtmaggtgtgtgaaaaaaaaggaactaaattaaaatgtaaaaattaccatacaaaaaaaa
tgtgccctataccaaattgtttcaaaataacaaaaaatgttggagaacacttaaaaggtaaaatgcataa
tttaaaacctggccctgaatattatatgcttctaaaaagtgctaagagttacaaattacaagatccttct
gagtcaccaagtaaaattaaagaaaaatacaaatcattttctcctgcaactatatcaactgttacaaaag
atcagctacaagtggactttaatattcaaactcaaatagctactgatccatttgaaagagaagaattaat
aaagtctgactcaaaagaagaagaattaagaaagtctgatcaagttttaagcagccatttatctactgaa
tctactgaaccatcagttgttgattttgttacttttaataataaaaatgaaattggtgatattcaaagtg
atgcttttgatgaagatgataataatgatgatgatggtgattatataccctctgagcaagagagtgatga
agaaacattaaaaaaactttctccatctattgaagatttgttaaacgatttttatcattatcttacagga
cctgatagagctagaaaaagtagatctattgaaagggttaaaaatgacgttaaaaggatttttttggctg
ttggtttaacaaattcaataaaattattgtttgaaaatgacacagatgtgataagaaaaaactatcttca
agtatattgtgtaaacagaaagttagaagctggttcaattaaaacatacttaaactctttaaaagatttt
tgttcatatcttataaaatcaaagtatcgtgaatttgacctgtcttttgaaactatatttcaaactattt
taaatattgaaaattggagaaaaaattaccgtgctaaagacagtataagaaaacataaaagagctgaaga
tgaccttttaatgcttgttacccctgaacaggtaaagaaatatgagcagagcaaaaatgcatcaactgca
aaaaaattacttgaggatttgaaaaacaatccgaataaagaattgactatgtttgattattgttgttata
gggaccatgtcttttttattatacactttgccagtgcccatagatcggtgtaacagcaaatatgactatg
gaagaattttttaaaatgaaagtttttaaagatggcatgaagatgataaatgtatgggatcataaaactg
tttcaacttatggtccagcaagagtgactttaaattctattgaatttgaatggattgaagtttttgtgaa
tcatgttagaacaaaattacctgctattcattcagataaagtatttttatcatggtctgggaaagaaatg
tcttctggggatataagtggaagattacattcgctttgggtgaaagctggtaattttgatgggcgctttg
tacccaaaaagctctctgctaacattgtcagaaaaacaacttccacattagttcgtaatagcgagtttta
taaagatagaggtgttgtggctgactcaatgatgcacagtgaactaactgctgccactcattatcatacc
agaagtcaagagcttaatgcaattactggtggcaatattgtgcgcaaaaatttttgtcgttccccactaa
ctaaaacagacgaagttgataaaagtagtttaactgaataaaggaaaaaaatgatcagcttcttacgtca
gagaacctcttaagtaaaaatgattttagtttttctttgatgaacactcctaaaaaaatctggagtaagg
aagaaacaagttctttaaatttattatttcctgataataaatctcaaaatatatcgtataaccaagtaaa
atcaatgcttgccaaatctccttcaattaacagttcacctagacaagtttatgacaagctgaaaagaatg
aaaagaaaatatctggaagatatgccagaagaatcaaaggtttttttcttttaatttttattggttcggt
tttaagtctttttttctttttttttcttcttaattttgcttcgtaacttttcaaaataattataatctta
tatattgtttaaatttaattttttttcatactaggttaagaaaaatttgcagtttgaacgcaaaacttgg
tcttctgaacagataaatgagttaaaagttaatggaaaagaattaattttgggaggacctttatcacgaa
gccgaattttaagtgttctaaaaaactctaaattattaaaagatttcaccatcacacagttgagaacacg
aattaatcatgaacgaaattaaacttagctgtttcttgactataacttataaataaacagttattatttt
ttaatttttaagtatttaaataaacattccagctttgttatttcttatattaggttccttttttcaatat
taagcttaacctttatgattactaacgtgtggcttggaaatgtttccataaggccatttccttatttaaa
tacaccactatggagaaatagttgaatcagtttttacaaccagatgtctttcatggcattaacctgttat
gatgatcaggactaagtatttttaatgtgatacactaggtatattatcatacaaggtttgcaagttcctc
caacttttccccacaaataaatcaaggggttttatatcatagctttctttgtcctagaaaagttgtcttt
gccacagttaaagagctttacctgccataatcaagtatcagtttaacttcattaccagaacaaggattgg
ttcatatatattaaatgttatcttgcttacattcaatcactaacaatatgataaaatttgaaaaagtagt
ttttacaaaaatgggcagaatttttaaatcatcataaatagagacaatttaaacttagattaaggtttat
tactctgttaatttgaaactaatgacaaattctcttaaattatttcaatcgaaaaagataattttctcaa
aaaaaggaacacatgataaaagtgaataagaatgattattatgaatatgaataaggacttttttatgatg
tcactaaaaaaagtaaccaatataaacctcatcttttttctaaataattaaacctaaaatataatagcac
tgttatttttaccttttttattatgactgataataattattaatttaatactgattaagattttataaaa
acaaattaaaaatctaaggagagctcttaaattcagtgttatatcttggacatctttttaacacacattt
aagattaatttttaaattaatcttaaatgtgttaatcttaaatcttttaaattaaattttaaataactac
aagcaatctctcacagtaaatgacaatacagttacagttgcagacaacgtcttacagtcttacagttaat
gacaaccaatagagtaacgtttttactgtcaattgaaaacaacgtttaaaatgccaactcaatctagtta
gtgtgtaaatatagttgtatttattcatattatataatataaactattggtgccaccagttagtgctagt
gaatattttaatattgttgtatttctattacaacaaaataataaacttaaatgatgtactcttttttttt
tgcagttgaaaccaatgaaagtttctttcagaaattaatggcagtgaagtggtaacctacagttgcagct
caaaataagtaggtttgaaactgtctttgtgttgattgtgttctttcttttaatattttctttacttgat
aaaattagtaaacttwkgccawattacaattttaaagctatttacgcagttataatagatcaaagtatca
aactttttcaaagttaaattacaagtaatttgcctttcatttttgttttacagttctacttatagagcaa
tacgtgatatagatacaaagacgtggtattaaaaaatgctacagttaaaaaaaatcgttttacgattttt
ttgaggtaattgtgagcctaaggctgatgataaatagtacatctggctccgtatatatgtatacacacaa
acacacacaagctatttacaaatcgatatttctatatttagggtaaactttaggcaaagaatgcgaggaa
ctgttaaactgttatgaacatatcatgcactataccatatcatgcactacacgtggcgctcagtttactc
gacgatccaatttaacaggatattatccatttttctcatttgttatttatatatttaggacgcatttaaa
ctaaagactatgaagagctgtaaaactgctattggcaacagttgataatactagacgcatgtattagtac
gtaatttgaatctctggttggaattcttttaaatgcttttatgctttttacccatagttgctgtggaaaa
gctcaataccaaagatttaataaaggcagagttaggcagggtcgaaggatatttttcgaactaataatcc
attgtagtgaaaaacgaactagttcaatctttcaaaaaaaaaagttttttagatcataatcgctttgaag
taaaaaagtaaacatgcccagtgggcacaataagcgttttaaacgtctaaatcacgtattaaaacgtttt
aatacatattctagacgtttaaaacacgtcttgtgcccattgggtgatttgaagtaaatttccatttgtt
ttatttttttcaagaaaaaaaatttgaaactaaatctgtagttttttttttttttttaaagcaacattta
atttttcttgccgccatttgtgctataaattgctgacaacgctattttattacataaatatgtaactcta
aactttcaaaattcaattaacaccattacgtccaacgatattgcgcagcgaagagagttggtgcagattt
ttcaagtaaaatcattcctagacaatgaagcacatttttacatagcttttaaatattgatcgtcaaaatt
gctcagtcgttgaaggttgtagaacccacaaaaaacgaatgcatttttaagtgatactgtttggcgcgca
ttaacttgactgcataataagttaaaaatgcgttatcttcttgtaccttaaaaaatttaaaaagatgtaa
actattttacaaattttagggaggataactaaatggtttatctcctatggaattacagtatcggacaaaa
aaaa
>CryptonH-9_HM	Crypton	Hydra vulgaris
atgattaaactttaaaagtattgcttttgaagcaatactgtatctttttggaaaggtgcaaagaatttca
agaatmaaagtatgtatttaaataaattgtaaatatttattttatatatattctcatttgcaatttaaaa
tttttttgttaacagttgtttgttaatgtgttcttttatatgatttttaatattaatattttggtttgca
atttaatataaattattgctcgttttaatataaatttgctaatttacaagttcctgcccaaccactaatt
agttgatttacgtaagcaaaacctgcccaacccctacttagtagatttaagtaagcaaactaaatcaata
acatgtaaacatgtaaaatttattatacatttatgaatctattttgttataggctgaagtattgctaagt
tcatattctttgcaaaggtatttttttttttttttsattagatgccaaagaagtcttacggtcttatcac
agagcactgcggaaaagcatttaataggaagttcacgcctccttctcaaccaatgttgcaaaacttgccc
agaggtggggtttgaaccacggatcttaagtctctgagacaaggctaccactgcgccacgctgttgtaat
ttttattttatttgtataaacatttaagtttacatttattttaacattttagcatttttgaccttagagt
tttattttacaattttgtatttttattttatttttgctagtattgcataaattaagtgaatttgaacagg
cagaatttgtactgcaatgttgttcaaccttctaagcgcacaaattggtttagggctaaagatagttgat
atttagaataaaaataaaatttttagttttttatgtgtattttgattactttatttattttaatttattt
tgctataaatattgttgtccttatttcaggaataatgaactgttaaataaaatctcagatgaagataatg
attttattttgggtaataaattatattgtttgtcaagttatgaagatatttttacaaaaccttataaagc
tttctcaaagttaattcaaggttttggtaatcagttaaagaagatataataatatttgtaataaaaaatt
attattgtaaactattattatccttttttaataatattattaatattattattttactttagaaacaaat
attacattggaaaaagaaaaggtatgcattcattttgttctcaattttgtaattacacttaaaaaaggta
gtatataaatatatcattgaataccattccatgtttttaataagtaatcaatggctaatgattgccattt
aagcataaactttgaaacagaaaggtatttttgatttttatgcaaatataggaacaatacataaataatg
catctgcccttattctctttcttaatcattttaattatctcccttattatgtagtataacaaatcaacca
gcaattggaattgacaagggtaccgttattgatacaaccaaggttagccttaatttcccttttttaatat
tgtgtttaaaataaaattgatttaaagaaataaaaaaaatttacagacttgttcttcagttgtgcctttg
tttaaaaaagttgtaaagtcgaggaataaagtaaagtgccctgtttgtggaaagtaagtttcaaaattaa
agttttttaatgtaaatttttttattgatataatttttaacagattcattaggtttttttttttttttta
aagatttatattcaacttaaaacgacacttaataaccaaacacaaatgggatgaagttaaggcaaaatct
gctcgccttaattttgggcttaacgcaaaaaggaaagttttgaccactaccaaaagaaaagcaaagagca
aaatttataaaagaaaaatttgtcctatgctccattgcacaaaagagttacttagactcggaaatcatct
gagacagttccacaaattgtctaattttgagacaaaaaaatatttatctaaaagtgtaagtgttcttgaa
aattttgaaagtgaatctgatgagaaatcaaactcctcaagtgactttagcgataacccaagtcttgagt
gtcattttgataaagaaatttttgttcaaggtgaaaattttttagaagtaaattcaagcagtgatgaaga
ctggttagcttcaaaatatgttcaatctagatttttgaaaaaaggtctgtaaatgttatgtttttttcaa
gttatgcttttttaatatgttatttttataaaataaaaatttttttaagaagattaatttaaactatcaa
ttactctttattaaaaagttatatatttataatagatggttctgaaaattcctcctcttctaaatcacat
tcattatctgagttctccgacaatgaagatgaagatgacacattttatatgacatcatcaatagaagaaa
gtttaatgcaaaacttcgtagaatggcttgttagttcttctggtggtcgtaaaccaaaaaggtctgcagt
aaaacataaaggaattataatgggtatagttagacataaagataataaggatataaattatgttaacctc
tccaaagagtcttttttaaactcatggatgacagagctagataaaaaaggaaaaaagccaggaacaataa
aaacatatttagggtcaataaaacattttttagatttttgtctaacaacagatagaactgatatcatagg
acacaaggaacattcaaaaattgttacattaattttgcaatgggggaaatctttgcaaaaatcaataaag
gagaatcagtatgacaaggatattattgactttaataactttcctacagcagaagaaatagtaatattag
ataattctgatattgttaaagatgcaacaaatgttctaaaatcaagtaatacaagtttttttaaagtaaa
caaaacatctttttgtcttgtcagagattacttaataacctgcattgttttcgataatgcttcgagacca
ggtgcaatatgcaatatgacgttaaatgaattttcagttgcttttgagaacaaagatggttttgttgtta
gcgttaaaaaacataaaacttcttataaagggccagcacatattgcattgtcaaagaccttatatctgca
tgtacaaaagtatataacttttttaagaaataccttagatggggtatctacatcacaagactcttatgtg
tttgtaagttggcatgggggtgctatttcttcctcaatgctgactacacagttttcaaatttttggaaaa
aagccacaggaaaaattacaaaaatgaccccaactattgttagaaaatttattacaactactgttcacga
aaaccatagtgagttaaaacaaaacacagctaatttactatgccacagtttaaaaacggctgaacaagct
tatgccctttttgataacagaaaaaaagctggcgaaacaagtaaaaaacttcatgatgtacaaagaatgt
tggaacaagaatcttcttttaatagcatatttatgaatgaaatatctagaggcaatattactctagaaga
tgtcaaagttaagtttaaagaacacccaacactgggagatgcatcttgttcgaaaagtattaaaaaagtt
ttggatagcgttcgctacattaataaagaaaaacaaactatatgataatgataaagaatataatgtaaac
gacgaatctgacgaaaatccaagcgatttaagcttaaactcttctgcgataaacaaactaagagaacgta
aagagtttagtccaactgacttaaatttagtatttttgcacttggcaaagtttaaagaatcaaatgaacc
gttgataaaaaaagaagttttacattatctgcaaactgttccagaatgtaaagtattgttagagaaattt
ggaattagttcgttaattgtcaaaatccaaactgagagaaagaaagtaatagcagctctcaataaactgt
ataatcattgtcaattttagaatagatcattttttctgttaattatttttgtattatatctatatataaa
aatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatata
ta
>CryptonI-1N1_RPro	CryptonI	Rhodnius prolixus
ttttttctgcaaccatgtagggaagttctcattactcaattaaaatcagctgtgtaatgcccaacttccc
acactagtggggggaaattcccattagtgtcactttccgcacaagtgagtggaaaaactttattgtgctt
ccttgatataagaagttttgttattaacataaatattttctgtaaaactctaataagcttatttaaattt
attttatttaaataattaaaaaacgaatattaaaaaataaaataaaaattgaaaggaatatagaaataaa
aataatactttaataaataattagatatttttaattataacagttaaaaaggttatagtgttaccttata
gaaatttaaaatggattctagtgatgcctgtttagaaaacactcctccatcaataaaagaaacagcagaa
aatgtaataagtaatgtaaatacgtaagtaatgtaaataattgtaatataacaataaatgtttataataa
ataaattactttttgtagactgtaaaaatgaaatttttaattttattagttaataaatggttgcagaaaa
aatataatatttaactctagtgtaaagtattttcctcacactcggcaatttgcacttgcactcgcatcgc
ttcgctcgctcgtgcgtgcaaaccctgcctcgcgtgaggaaaagtactactttccacacttgttaaataa
ataactatt
>CryptonI-1_AA	CryptonI	Aedes aegypti
aatagtagtttacgcaacaaggtgcagaatgaagatttttacagcacgagtcgtacgtttatccaacgag
gcttgccgagttggataattacgacgagtgctgtaaaaatcgagttctgcaccgagttgcgtacaacatt
ttttgcaatttcatgaaaggttacttgaggagtaattttaaaactatttttcatcaatttgcgcacggtc
gtccgtagccatgttcgaaaaattctgatcatagcaggctgtactgagcaactgtcacaatttttcaaac
cattgtccggatagcatcattatttgcaacaatgagcgattccgattctgatgttccgattgacattgaa
tcggcagcggaagtggccctggctggtctcctaccggagaaatccaagacaagatacgaagaagcttaca
agcatttcaacgagtggtgtatcaaaaacaagattggtaaggttgacgaaaagtgcatgctagcatactt
ctcgcatgaaatgaagcaccagaagccatcaacgaaatggacgcgattttcaatgcttaaaagtacaata
cgtctaaatatcggcgttgatattggtgaatacaaaaatttgattgctttcttgaagcggaaggcagatg
gataccgtccaaaaaaatcaaaaatcttcaccaaaaaagacatttttgattttttgaagaacgccagtga
tgatatttatttagctgtgaaggtaaatgtaatttaatcaaaaccaaagaactttatttaaacctaattt
tttttaaaggtcgcgatggttgttggagtgtgcggagcatgcagacgagaagaaataaccaagttaacgc
tgaacgacattgaagatatgggagacagtgtgaaaatcactattcccaatactaaaaccaagatcctccg
acagttcgtcatcacggcaggtaatgcacctggcgtcgatatgttgaagctgttccgttcttacagacaa
ctgcgtccggctgatacaaaccacttgcgtttttttgtgtgctatcgatctggaaagtgcactaaacagc
ccatcgggatcaacacgatagctaaaatgccaaaaataatcgccgaatttctgaagctaccgtcaccagc
agattacacaggacactgctttcgtcgatcgtccgcgtctctactggcagattctggggtagatatttct
gttctcaagaggcatggaggatggaaatcttcaactgttgctgaaggatacgtcgaaaattccttgcaac
aaaaaaagatgatagctgaaaaaattatgggagttccagatgaaaataccacaacagaaagcgttcttcc
atccacatcgacagttccgcactacagttttgctgttccaacatttgcgcccagtacctcggctacaaga
tcgtctgctccgagtccagtgcaaataacggcggcagaagtcatggaatttccagctgatgattccagcg
ccacagtaggagcggaaaatattcctttttcggcaacggcagctacccacagtttcgaagttccaacatt
tgcgcccactacctcgaatgttccaaacccagttcaaattaataatttgactaactgtgttattaatttt
taccaaaataaataggtagtaaataggttatcaataaaatatactcatttgaactgatcacagaaatgat
ttgttaatttattaaaagaagaactgattatcgaactctcttgatctctccatttcatttaacaacaaaa
caatatagacctctccgtgtctccaacactgcaatcacatgtgctttattacgttactgaaaagcgttgc
gtaatgaaccattacgcaactgaaatgcgttgcgtaatgagtcattaccgcacgcttttcagttaggtaa
tgaactcatacgacaatgcgggaaagtaggccgtttcatgacagattagcgtgaggaaaaacggcctatt
acgatgagaaattgcaaaaa
>CryptonI-1_CQ	CryptonI	Culex quinquefasciatus
agtagtttatgcaataaggtgcaaaaagaagattttttcagcacgagtcgtacatttatccaacgaggct
ctgccgagttggataaatacgacgagtgctgaaaaaatcgagttttgcaccgagttccatacaacgtttt
ttgcaaatccgaaaaataaacgtttgaagagtttttcaaagaggaataaaggaatgtgttggcgtccaag
agtatggccatcttattttttccgactcagtagcctattcaattctaaaatagtttgttctgtcatagtt
tttctaaccaccttcaagtgaagaccattttatttttcccgaaatctgaagagatgagcgagtccgaaac
ggattctgactgtccgatggacattgaggcggcggccgaagcagctataaatggccttcttcccgagaaa
tcgaaggcgctgtatgaagcagcctacaaaaaatttcaagcttggcaggccaagaatcgggttcaagcca
cggacgaaaagtgcttgctggcctatttttctcaagagctgaaggacaagagcccgccgacgaagtggag
cctatactccatgttgagaactatgatcaacgtgaaaataggcattgacatttccggtttcatgaacttg
aaatcgttcctgaaacggaagtcggatggttatcgcccgaaaaagtcaaaaatcctcactaaggaacaaa
ttttcaagttcttgaaggaagccgaagactccgttcatttggctacaaaggtaaatttaatgaaagtaaa
aacaaaaacaaatgggttaacttagtgttttttgaattcacaggttgcgctcatcattggagtgtacggt
gcttgtcggcgggaagaaatcatgaaactctctctggacgatattgaagacctgaaggacagcatcaaga
tcaccatccctaacacaaagacgaaaattatgcggcaattcatcgttacgaaaggtgaagcccctggtgt
ggacatgttgaaactcttccggttgtatgctgaaaaacgtcctgccggtacaggtcactccagatttttt
gtttcgtaccgctttggaaagtgtacaaaacaggccatggggatcaacactattgcaaaactgccgagaa
tcatcgccgagcacctgaagcttccgtcaccggagctgtacactggacactgtttccggcggtcttctgc
ctcactgctggccgattcaggagtcgatatttccgttctgaagagacacggtggttggaagtcatcgtca
gtcgctgaaggttatgttgaaaattctttgcaacaaaagaaatcgattgccaccaagattcttggcgaag
ctgccgaagtttctgaaccctcagaagtgcatatcgcgacatccagcaagaatgtaccagagcgtcaagc
agaatcaattacggttaattctacactctctgatacgccttctaccatcagctttcccatgccttcttcg
tcttccgcccacaatccagttcagttcaataatgtgacgaactgcactattttttttt
>CryptonI-1_RPro	CryptonI	Rhodnius prolixus
ttttttctgcaaccatgtagggaagttctcattactcaattaaaatcagctgtgtaatgcccaacttccc
acactagtggggggaaattcccattagtgtcactttccgcacaagtgagtggaaaaactttattgtgctt
ccttgatataagaagttttgttattaacataaatattttctgtaaaactttaataagcttatttaaattt
atcttatctaaataattaaaaaacgaatattaaaaaataaaataaaaattgaaaggaatatagaaataaa
aataatactttaataaataattagatatttttaattataacagttaaaaaggttatagtgttaccttata
gaaatttaaaatggattctggtgattcctgtttagaaaacactcctccatcaataaaagaaaaagcagaa
aatgtaataagtaatttattaccaaaaaaatcgaaagatcgttatacaagttgttacaataattttaaga
aatggtgcgctgacaaaaaagttaaaaacacatcagaaaatatacttatagcttactttgatgaaatttc
atcaacattgaattcatctacattgtggtctgtatattccatgttaaaaactaccttaaacattaatgat
aatttagacataagtcaatataaaaagcttaaaacttatattaaaagaaaatctgaatattacataccaa
aaaaatcagaaatatttactagagaagaaattaacaaattcttacatgatgcaccaaatgacatgttttt
aatgatgaaagtagtttttgttattggaatatctggggcttgtaggagttgtgagctagtacaattagaa
ctcagtcaaattaaatttttagaagactttataacaataaatattcctaacacaaaaaataacgtacaac
gtaccttttttatttcaaatgaagtaggtctctataattttaaacagatctttcaacaatatattaacct
cagacccaagcacactaaacatcctcggctacttgttgggtacaaccatggtaaatgtaatatacagcca
gtaggtataaataccatttctaaaattccatcaagaatagcaaaatatttaaaaaaagacaattttcaaa
gatacactggacatgctttccgtcgaacttcagcatcactgttagccaacgaaggaggcgacttgataca
agttaaaaaacatggaggttggaaaagttcaacagtagcagaaggttatatagaaagatccatggccgcc
aaacagaacactgcacagctgattctacaagggcaaccccacttctcaactaatcagtcactccctagta
cttccaccagttcaaattcaaatcttacattaaataagtcttcaaaccaaccttttattactaatgccaa
taattgtaatataacaataaatatttataataaataaattactttttgtagactgtaaaaatgaaatttt
taatttttttagttaataaatctaatggttgcagaaaaaatataatatttaactctagtgtaaagtattt
tcctcacactcggcaatttgcacttgcactcgcatcgcttcgctcgctcgtgcgtgcaaaccctgcctcg
cgtgaggaaaagtactactttccacacttgttaaataaataactatt
>CryptonS-10_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatcatcaattctccgaccctacttaattttagtattggcattaatcwccaatcatccat
ttttatttattagacagccaatcgtacggtcttgacaaaatgatttggccaatccaaatggtaagggtta
ggttggacctcgttggagctggctccgacatatcgggtcggagggagcggtccagttattgatatccttt
tacaaactgtaagtcattcacatatttwtcgaataacgtgaaagctccgacatctccgactcagtatgag
cctcaacgatcttgcgcccgccaacacgaagcgcgctcgggaaagcgcagcacgctcgtttctagcgttt
ttaaaakacgaagatgtgacgtgggaatacttggaggcgtctatgagccgcgatacggccgcgctggttc
tagaaggtgtggtggacaaatttggcawgtatctcgccttcaaggaaggccgcaagggacagcttctagc
tcgacactcggtgatgcagtactaccgacaggcaaagaactggttgctcgaccagtttccccagcatcgc
gtcgcagttgaaaagaatctgctcaagaaaggccaagtgttggagcgctactgcatgaaacgcgagacag
gaacgtttgttaacaaggccccagcatgcacgaagaaagctcttaagcagatgaccgaatacttgtattc
aactgcaacttgcgccagcgactaccaagatgcggcgctcttatgcttactctggtacctcttcgggcgc
gcgtcggacctgacgcttctccgcaaaacgaatctgacgattggatccggcgatatctttttcgttcggc
tcatccgggtcaagacttccgaggagcaaggctwatcactcttcccagactccgactttaccacgtgtcc
gttgcttgccgttgcccttgcgctaatcacgcactcatcgccaacagcggcacttctcaaccagcttcca
gaacagcagggacmttccstaccatctcagacgccagctgcacctctgattgacttgatcgaccatcctc
aagacgcaccaaagtctggtggacagccgaaaacggtcgacgcctcgcccggtatccacagctacgtkaa
tcgcgctctcgagcgagtcatgggtaaggcaggtgtgagtgatagcctgacttcgcattcmtttcgacgt
ggaggagcgcagcacgcgaacgggtcaggtatgtgcgttcaatggatcttcgatagaggcgcgtggaata
tgacgtcgaccaacaaggcattcgcgtacgtcttcaacactccagccgaagatcacaaagttgcccgagt
actgagtggccacgaccccgcgaaaccggtaccactactaaccttggacttcttcgactctgagacgcaa
gcgaagatccgmgctgtcgcctctgtgctgtttggtgcctcgactggactagatgtgaaggcctwcaaca
taaacgcacgcgtcgctgataccctcatggcatacgtgttgcgccactatccatccttgaaaggcgtgaa
gtcggacgccwtagcggtccagcgtatcgagkcatgtgcagtcgcgaaaggggcatccgtgaatgagctt
cttgcatggtcgtctcacctgtccagcaacacaagcccggatgggaaacccagcatgttaacccctccaa
ttccttcagaagatataacgaagcacccagtatttcgtcagcaatcggctttgattgagcagttaatcca
agtcaaccaaaagcttgacgcccgactgtctaccatggagtctaagatctacaacaagcgcgaacgagca
gaawcagcagaatcaggagacaacacaagtgagggagcggtcagcaacacgcagacagtaaagmgaagac
gtacctctgcagctacgagcttcaaagacgcatggtactcctggtwcgcgcaagaacctcgaatgtggcg
ctcgacagacgcggctacaaagcacacaaggtctaccttcaagatgatcgtggcgttcatgaagctgttc
ctccccgaaggtttcaagctgagcgaaaaatcaccaacgtatcgcgatgaagtgctggccttggggacac
aagctgagggaaagctgstagctttccttcaagatcgcaagatcaccgctcgtggagcccaaaatgtctt
gaagtccatgcgcaggctccacwagagcggcattctcaacgatcatatccgtagctaccaccaacttcac
gctgcgggacgcatcaccgaccctgcacctttgcatacgaataaagtcatagcgttagattgcatccagt
aataacacgctacttgccttgtccagtcgtttcctwtcgatttgctcaaccttgaaaccattctgcaatt
tacaacccaccttacagtcmgactgctcatcatgccaacgatcaagccgaccaagcaccctgttagctcc
tggaaagagttcaagaccctgtgtatcacaacaggcaaggcgtacaagcttcgcctggatgatgaggcga
ttcgccacctccgactcaccttgaacacgatcgtcgcatcmgcaagccttcttcccgaagccatccaagt
cgcctacgaagccatgaaggagcggaagaagcggcgggctggccttgatgatgttcgcgaatggctwgtc
gagcctcctccatctgaagatgacgacgatcatgtaggcggcgaaaagmagcaccacgtacgcaaggtga
tgacgtggaagcgcgagaagcggcagacgtactacmtcgtagactggcagccgacgtgggagccgaggga
gcacatccacaagtctgttgttgctgccttcgaaaaggagcgccgccttcttgttcgcaagcgcttcttc
gaggacgaggctgtggaggacaactcactcaacgacgcagaaggtaacgcagagtaagcagtaagagcta
atactgggtgtattacatgcttaagaagcattgcctaaacttatgcattggtagcaccgtattgaacact
aagcttaacctccatktggaacagcaaagttaacctcgttacagagtacacgaaatacacatatgagtgc
tgcgtcaaacacaaagcttaacctcctttcagaacagcaatgttaacctcaacgcaagcaagcacacatc
gcatagacagcagaggtggccacatatcgcacatacacgaaatatacaaacacgcagataatcaatttag
cggaccgatgataaagtagtagcggctgggcgacttgtcccttaccagaaaaaaaacaagaatgaagctt
tgtttatttttgcggccccacaggcgaaccgtttagagacaaccttactgataagggtttacccacgtag
ccagtcgttgctaatcgtaattacttgtaaaaagtgccgtaaaaaggaatgatctgcttcaattagtgga
ctccgatttctgacccggggcctcacttcgctttttgcagwgtagagtgagcacccatccgggcttaaaa
aatgcataaccagtaaattgccgttttcttagcccacaggccgtttcagagcctaagattgcggctacaa
actcgctacaaactcgctacaaacatatttctggcctcgcctatcccaaaacctgatcccctaagcttct
tacacaactagtacacaaatacataacttgaacacaattatggactgcttttgttacggtcggaggttgt
cggaggtcggagattttatgttatgg
>CryptonS-10_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
ttattgtaggataaggaagctttctcccaacttggcattccttgcgcttctctgtcattgcatctatcca
atcaggacaagttcttcaatgaatttagccaatcacgatcgattcgtgtgtatcccaacattttcccaat
tattttgggaatttacagtcttgctagaataatgtccaatacaaaagtttagtgtaattgttgcattact
catatttgaccgcaaattcccaatacaaatcatgattgtatcgttggtggctgtgactcgtctgctttct
ctcctctcccatttgaaaagatgcagcgggcgccgagagggcttgacatcccgcaagggacagcagggca
ggaggcagcggcgatgaagtgcttcagcgaattcttagctcttgctaacatgaatgaggagtcaattgct
agtattgcgaagtcgctgtctattcctgatgctctaccaagtcaaaacttttactctttgctaaccgcct
tctccattttcttgcaaactaagccaagtgctcgaggaggccgtcttgctaaggctactgctgtgggcta
tatgtcccaagttgtgaacctgctccgagagcggtaccctctgtacttgtcagacagcaagcgaattgcg
aaaatacgcgacaaaatgggttcaactattgaggagcgaaatttgctagctggcgtgcagactggtgaag
ctccaggctgcacgctcagcgacttgcgtgttctggtgcaggaaactgcgattaagggggttggctcagg
ttataagagtttgcatgacgctgctgtactaacgttaatgtggcacacgtttggtcgagcgatcgatacc
tgttttgctaggaagagccagctatctatggcggcatcgggggagctctttctgcatctagctcgaatca
agacttcggtggttcaaggcatctcaatttacaaggccgcgactcactgggagcagtgtatgctgcacgg
cctcggaatgctgttcgtcggagcgtcggagccttccagctatgtgttcccgctagtgccgcacgcggcg
gcatcggatttgccaggggagaagacctacagccaagacgaagctatactctactgggagaaccttgaag
agaaagctgaaccaaggaacgagccaccaacaaagcgcgtgagaggaaggcccaacgtgtccaagtatat
taacgacgtcatcaccatggtctgcgagcgccaagcccaggcctctgccccgctgcccccgacgctcacc
gcagggctgagcagccactccttgcgccgcggctccgcagcgtatgcaaacgcctcaccgcagcttgcga
tccagtggatctcgacccggggagcttggctgctggactcgctcacgaaggcgttcgcgtacgtgggtac
cacgacacgcgaggaccagagtgtcggcaaagtcctcgctggataccgagacccgcacctgccatgcgtc
acgcccacgattgccaccttgagcgagcttcttcctgcgctcgagtacgcccagctgctaaccctgcgcg
gccagctcttcaagaacgtcagcggcttcacggacaccacgctcaacgttgacgccttagtcctggatgc
ggcgctcgcgtccctgctcatccatcttgacgacgtcgcgacggcagtccagcaggagcaggctgccaca
ggcttcacatcgcattacctgtaccgcttccacgaagctctggacgcaaccaacgtagcgctgggagctc
ggctctcgctggacacgtgcattggttggggtcggcagcttcgcacggcttggcaaacggagaacttcgg
acagctgggtgaacgcagcaatggaaacaccaccatacttgccgcagccgtcacccagatgctatcgtcc
atcgcagcaatgcagcgcacacttcagaagctcgtcgcggtccacgagagcaagtccaccagcgctgacg
gtcctgctccttgtcgctgtgctggccaggccccgcaggcgagcactgacaccgtcgttgaagcgcactc
tcttgctggctgcttctacaactggtacacactggagctgtggcacacggcaacccaaaagaaacaacag
tttgttcgcgctgacctcaaggcaggcgtcaacatcatgatcatagcagcagggcgagaggtagacgtac
caacggcgccactggaccgggacggcgtcgcgtatcggctgtggaagcagcgtgtctggacgctagcgga
agacttggacaagaaggtcaacgctgcgcttgggagtatcgacggtaaaggccgatccaaaaccgcgggg
tcgctacggaagcgctggagaaagctgcgcgttgaccaccgctctgcgtacgacgcgctctgctcagcat
ttatcacccgcaaagcgaacggtggcatcgtcgaccgctgcacaccagctagtcaccaatggaagcaaaa
agacttggagtcgtaggatcacgcagcttgtattaacgcttaatacattcctattcatacaacatggata
atcgaattcaaggcgcaaatgcacccgtcatcgccatcccacaacttaagcacagcgcatggattcccgt
cagtcccgatacaaagtcatacacaatagaaaaacgctcacataccgtcagcgagcgcgcacgacctcgt
gcttggccgacagctaccaaaaccggcagcataacacccgccctgccgggttttgtagctgctttcgacg
ggtccttgcgtggggcgcgtggggcgcgcctgggggcactcgggtctggggtggtcggcgggggaggcgt
gcggcacgctcggagcgcgctgtcgtgttggagatgcggggcggaaagtgtgaaggcggagaaggctgcg
cagccggccaaaaataaaaccttaaggttttttcttggctttggagccgataaaccagtccatactttgt
tgaagtcatttggaatctcacttatgattggctctcctcattgggagcggcgtttgggacctggtcgatt
aatgta
>CryptonS-11_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaataacattatctctccgacgtatcttacttttagtatgttgcgcactagccaatgataatc
gtttcttattctttatagccaattaaagcgatctccgttgcattgggcgaatcaaattgcttcaagaata
caattatatccaattaaaactatagtttagggtgcagtcggaagctgagcgattccgacgtatctagtcg
gagttgacgaccagatatgtgtatagtaatacttgctaaaggtttgccacgtatcacctgcatatttcta
cctctccgaccaagaacaatgagcctgaacgacttgaagcccgccaacacaaagcgcgcgcgtgcgacgg
ctttaaaagcgtttgagcgcttcctgtctttagagaatactaccatggagcacgtcgtggctttgatcgt
cgcagactctagtcgcgcgagtagtatactagtgactctaatggacaagtttggtgtgtacctggcattc
cacgcaggagcaaaggggcagcctctgtcgcgccactccgtcgctcaatacttccgccaggtcaaatgct
ggcttttggatgagtatcctgttcaaggtggcgctgtagcacgacagctgctcagcatggggcgtaccct
tgaacagcactgcatcaagcgtgaaagtggtgggttcgtcaagaaggctattgcgtgcacaaaagaggat
ctcaagaagatgatacgctacttatattcaacggctcgctgtgcgtcggactaccaagatgctgcgttgt
tgtgcctcctgtggtacctcttcggccgtgcatcagacattacgttcgtccggaagcagcagctctccgt
cggagctggaggggttttctttatccgattcatccgcgtgaagacgtccgatgagcagtcactgtcactt
tttcctgacgctgacttcatgacttgtccgctgctagcgctcgcgctggccttgattacgcaggagtctc
cgtgtgcagcgttgctaaaccatttgccggtgaagtcgaaggacgttcctgttgacctagctgcctcgat
accattactggaacttcttgacgacaatagtgccctgaattcttctcagacgtcgccaggtagcaccact
gttcacgcgacaccaacagttggaatccacgctcttgtcaaccgcgtgctcgatcgcgttgctggtcctg
ctggagtcgaagtgtcgctgacgtcacattcgtttcgccgtggcggcgcgcaacacgcgaacgcaaactc
agagctggcagctcaatggatctttgatcgcggagcttggaacttgactacgactaacaaagcctttgcg
tacgtcttcaacacccctaaagaagatcatcaagttgctaaggtgctgagtgggatgacgccaaagcaag
cctcttctctcccgtccctggaatccttcgacgctgcaacactagaaaaggttagagaggttagccggaa
gcttttcaactcgagccatgatctgggtaacaaggcctttaacgtctgcgctgttgtgagagatgtgcta
acagcaaccctcctcctccactacccgtcgttagtgaagatcaacgcgaagacacctgcaatgaagacaa
ttcacctatgtgcggaagcctctggagtgacgacgaccaacctgcttgcatggtcacaacggctcacagc
gtcaaatgaacacgccaacaccaccgccgaagccatgactgaagaaaatgtaaaggccaacgctgcgttg
aattatcaaactgccttgattgaaaggttaattgaggtcaaccgtagccttgaagctcgagttaactcgc
tagaagctgcaatgaacaacaccgaaggggaaactttagcacgagataatcaagccaagcgagtaagaga
cgaagatgaaatcgtaccagtaaagcgtcgccgtcgatccaagacaataccgcttgttgacacgtggttt
gcgtggtacacggctgttccgcgtggatggcagagtactaataagcacaagaaatcggattccaagcagc
tcgtggccttcatgaggctcttcatcgaagacgggtacgcgctcgacgagttatcatccagctacaaaga
tacagtacgtcagctcggagagttagcgtcaaacaaagtcacagtgttcctaggcgagcagggcgtaccg
tcaaagggatccaacgctgtgcttaaggttcttcggcagatgcaccgcgaaggcaagctgaatagtctca
tcagtgcctaccatcagcgttttaccatcggcagagttgtagaccctacaccaacacagcaccaaagcat
gctcaagctgctcccgtaacacaatccaatctctctgtgtccttgtagctggttcttatatcatgtcaat
catgtagagacctgcaaggcattcgagcataaattttttaccaatgggtggatttgaaccacctccttcc
ctttcgggagctctaccattgagctacatcggtgggggttagacaacaacagcacagggatactcatctg
ggtgctcgacggggaattaacggtgatccactgttctttgtggccgcgacataccctcttaggtgtaccg
atgcgcggtacgcccccctcaattcaccgttccaggtggtcaatcgagcactgagcttgcagggcaaaat
ggcgcagtcaatattgcaccggcgccactcgtttacgaggagtaattacgctcaatgaaccaattagcgc
gcttttacgaaacctccaaatttaggtattaagtacgatatataaagttttgcgatacgtcggatcggag
tcggaaggtgctcggctggtcggagtcgttatgatatgg
>CryptonS-11_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
ttactgtaggataagagtattttggccggacaccccacccctcatacagagactacaggggcatggccca
atccgcaacgcgtacgcaaggactacagtgaattatacccaatcacagagtattaggggtaggttaagtg
tgtcccagcttatttccggaattgctcggaatcgcgaggaattatctaataagagagtatacaaacattt
atataaactgcaacttatccgataatagcactgcttgccagaaagacaggcaatttaaaggttcgatagc
ttgcgatggtttttaaatagattatagctgagctcgtgctcattctcgatctcccgcaacagccacgatg
cggagggcatcacgcgggcttgacactccagctggcacgatcagccaggagctagctgccgagaagcttt
tcgaggaatttcttaactccatgagcctgactaaggcttcgctcgatgatatacatagagcgcatagcga
tgatgctagtctacctactcaaaacttttattcattgctaacagctttttcaatcttcatacagactcga
aaaagtaacagagcccgtgctgccgacggattactggcgaaggcaacagctcttggctacttctcacaag
tcgtcaatctcctacgagagcgctacactacgtcgctaaccgactccaagaggatcgcaaaaatcaggga
caagatggcaagtcacattgaggaacgcaatcttcgcgccaacgttcaaacgaatgacgccccagggtgt
acaattgatgatttgtgtggactagtggaatttctcgtgactcatgccgatgtgacaactggtctaaagt
ctgtgcatgatgctgcgcttttgacaatgatgtggcatacatttgggcgggctatcgatacatgcttcgc
acgcaagcaacaactttcaattgccgcctctggagagcttttcctgcatatcgcccggattaagacctcg
gttgtacagggcgtgtcaatttataagtcacccgagcgctggcagcagtgcatgcttcacgcgtttggcc
tgttgttcatatgctacgatgagccctctgagcatctcttccccttggccccacgctttgctgagtcgga
ccttcctggaggccagccttattctcaggaagaagccatcatgtactgggaaaggctgcagaaagaggac
gaaggaggcgccgaacccccgcagaaacgagagagaaagcggccaaacgtagcaagttacattaccgaga
tcattagggataccttgaaggcgatgccgccttcggcgagccaacgtattacttcggggatgaccagcca
ttctcttcgccgcggtgctgctgcttacgcgaacgcatcgccgaagctggcgatccagtggatatcaact
cgaggcgcgtggctgctggaatctttgacgaaagcatttgcctacattgggacaacttcaaaagaagatc
agagtgtggctaaagtcctggcaggtttccaatctccagacttacycgcgacaacgccgtctattcatga
cctgtaccrgcgactctmtgaagctgagtatggacagctcatgacactgcgcgacgagckgtaccgccat
gtccttggctttcacgatcctcgatttaacatcgcgttggacgtggtcgatgcgacgttcgcctccctct
tgatgcacctcgagtccgtcctcgaagccacggagagcgctgggtctaacgtgcttgtcactcgctatgt
ctacgagctgaaccggggcatcacggctgtaaactcacgcttaggctcctgtataacaacgcgcacatgt
tgtgagtggggtaagcatctgcgagatcactggcaaactacgaaccacgcgcagctcggtaacgctgctg
ctggcggtgactcgctgctgtcctcgacgctggagaacatgctcacgcaattggtgagcatcaacgagcg
gctcggccggcttgaagatgcgcacacccgactgcctcttggttctgtcgacgctccacctcctgccgcc
agcgctkcattcactactgccgtcgagctctcagctccagcgcctccaacagcgtcgacgctcgcgggat
cgctgctcaactggtatactaaccacatctgggaaaccgttaagggtaagaaagagcagaacaaacgagc
agaggcaaaggctgcgatcaacatcatggcaatactttaccaagcgccattccagataccgaagcagccc
agtcgatccgacgtcgcggcttaccagcactggaaagacgagatttggacgcttgccttggccatggact
ccaccgtcaacgcgcggctgcactccttcgaccaaaaaaaacctacacgcaaagcgtcttcgttacgcaa
gcgctggcgccagctgcgtacctcgcatcccgacgcataccgcacgcttggtgcccaatatttagcgctc
aaagccagcggcgctgttgtggacgcttgtacgcctgcatcgcaccaatgggggggcttcggatctggct
tagcgctcgcctacaagcacgcacaaagcacaagcaacacacagagcacgattgcccccggctggagtcg
aaccagcgacctggaggcatagcctcccgctctgccgctgagctacggggggcgtggagagtaagacgac
ctacctccggagatccacmgctgtctgcgtcgccactgtccgccacgctgtcgctgtccgctgccgccac
caccaccacaccgctgctcactccatgccgaccgcattcttgcctccgtcgatctgctgctgtgccgttg
tccgccgtgctgccgcgcgcgctccgagtccgccgcgccgctgtccgccgtgctgccgcgcgcactcccg
agtcccccgcgccgctgcctgtcgtgctgccgcgcgccgcgccgtgtggctgcctcgaagaacgccgaat
gagggagaacaagtggagaggatttacatatttcatataagtacgaattttagccctttgcactcccgtc
cggaatgaataagtcgacgttgattggaacgaggttttttatgtggcgccagtgtggctctattgcaggt
ttgacaggtttccggattccggtccggaatctgccaattactgt
>CryptonS-12_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggtataatatcgactataatccaaccgactgtagctcctgtagcttgtatgagccaatgaaattaga
caacgacagaattatagccaatgggagagtttttaaaaatatccacttttccaaccatatttagttggaa
tattctcaaaataatttgtattcaatacaaactttcatagtaatgcatgtactaaaaatatgcagaagtt
tcctaccaatctgacggtagttgggaattcacaagcataagcagtttgctgagctgaagccatgtccatc
gcgtcgttggctccagcaaacagcaagaaggccaggacgactgccatcaactcgttcaccacgttccttg
cgtcggagagcatagcactcgatgctgtccatcaacttattgacgccgacaaaactggtaaagtgcttcg
agtcattttagataagtatgcatatcccctagcgagatcaacagacaaatctcgatctacaaatacgtgt
ctggcatatttcggaaatgtgaagaactggctgctggataagtatccgcagcaaggtggaatagtgaagc
cgcagctacaaataattctgtctggtcttggtaagtactgcaacaatcgagaagatggcgcgtttgaaaa
gaaagcacccccttgttccaagcaagatctagaaaatatcgttcgcctcctgtatacgtctgccgccgaa
agtatttatctcgatgcctcactggtcgtcatgatgtggtatatgtacggtcgcagctccgacgcagagc
aacttgagaagcaacagctttctatactacctggtaggtttttattttacttttgaaaaagctgttgtgt
taatattgttaggttaggtggtgtgctcttcttgcgcttcaagagggtgaaaacggctttgttacaaggc
atttcccttttcaaagacccctcaaactttcttacgtgtcctctattcacgttggcgtcagcgctggcaa
tgcaaactgccccaagtaagcgcatattccctcagttcctctctacaaggcgtagcaccacatgcgcagt
cgacgttgaggagctgagcctcgtagagctcctagaagctgacagcattcctgctctcttggaagattca
cagtcagcacccaagcggacagtccctggtgcacaagcttacgtgaacaggttgttggttagagtgaaaa
cgctgggcgatgagaaacaaattagactcaccaccggacttacctcgcactcattccgacgcggtgccgc
catgcacgccaacgacgggagcgtggctgaaaactggattattgagcgaggtggctggcagctcgaccgc
gtaaataaagcttttggctatatgctgggcacgacccaggcggaccagaatgtagcacgagtgttgagtg
ggtggaagcccaaggaaggtgctcggttgccttcgttgcgcacacttgaacaaccaatacttgcccgtgc
tctgaagtttcaggcgctgctgttttcgaacaccttggctttttcggacgtcgctctcaacctcgacgag
gacgtagcagaagttttgacagccaccctcgtaatgcattaccccgagatgctcttgctatcaaacgaga
atgcattgattgcccgaatgcgggaggtcatgtctgaacggtctattggagaggctgaggtgcttgcgtg
gagcaacacgattcggagtgccttcacccctccggcgcttaagacggacacgcccactgaccgtgactca
aattcaatggagctcctggatctcgtgaagcaccagtcagagcagatcaatgttctcatcctgcaaaata
ggcagctagagaaacgcctgttagctgttgagtcacatttgcactcctccgtaaccaaagccgtacctgg
tgcaccagcacaagcacctgctgttgaccagcctgaaggcatgggggcgccacaacagctaactcgaacc
gtacgtcccaagaagaaggggtctcagtcgctttcagacgtctggtacgagtggttcacggcggagccac
gcgtgtatgcttcgccctctatgaaaaagacaacgttgtatgagttacgacacgccacagggtacatgat
gctgttcttaccttctggatttgccctgggtgttgcttccccagcattcaaaagcgaggtgttagcctta
ggcgagaaggcccaagcgaacgcacttgccttcttgaagtccaacgagtcttcggctgttgcagcaggca
cggctgtaaaagccttccgtaagtttcataaagctgggaagcttgagacgcaaatcgcagcgttccacga
gcgcgtggaaaatggattcgtcattgacccaactccatcagccgctcttcctgccttcattcgttttcga
ccttcgaagtaacctacaagaaacatagaaaaaggaaacaatacaacgggataaagttaatgcttagacg
gatgctggagttgaaccagccagcagcaaaagctgctgccttcttccggaaggaccgccacaggaaacat
caccacattgcatgtctacactttgtcaaaccaacgcgttatgatggctagctgccgtcgccggatagct
gtgccacatccgcctccaccactagcaccacgtcgccaccgtcgacgccaccaccaagcccgccgtctac
gccagcaacaataccccgcttcctccgccaacaccatcatcacgaccaactttagcgccatccccaagtc
ccccgtctccgtcgccagcagcaccaccgcgtccgacgtcagcaccagcaccgagtcccctgtctccgtc
accagcgctgctaacaagtccgccgtctccgtcgcaccgagtccgcgccaccgccacaccgtgtccgccg
ccaccgccggcaccgagtccgccgcgaccgccagcgtcgccaccaagtccaccgccgttacgaagtccac
cgccgcgtgctgttgagtctgtagtctgttgggtgtgaaccacagtttcctagtgtcactgtttgtcaca
agcgtcacatgcatgtcataaaactgaaaagcgttcgtatcggtacagttggagcccacggtcggacagt
tggaatttttacggtatggatatgg
>CryptonS-12_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tacagtagtgtatttggttaacgtcgtcgccgaagataagtgtaaagttcgagcaacattagagcaccat
tctagtaacatgtgaaagggcgtttgataaaactgctcgcagcaccacgccgacaatggagcgtggggca
gatgtcgaagccatcgtggacttgatggagagcgagttggggccttcttctagaaaacaagattcttcag
cccgtgcgaaattcaacaccttcttgaaaaaacacgtagacaccaacctgactatggagacgctgagggc
agcacaggtcactaaggaaatgcttggtaagctccttacctttctgttcaatgatcctgacatccactgg
caaacatcgatgaactatctgagctctatcaagagacaactggaggagaaaacgggaacggacctgttcc
gcagtgaccccgagtggtatcggcgttgccgacgccatttgcaaaagcaatatctcatgcttgccatctc
ggaaggcaaaaagctgaagaaccaagctccacccatgacaattgatgatcttcgctcaatatcaaccata
ctatttctcaaagacgataagaaggcgctactcgaccgcactcttcttaacaaccagtggcttgcagttg
gtcgtagctccgacgtaggaatgctacactttacggacttgcactggcatggtagttttcttctcattga
tctgacacggtacgtgcatatactttggctttagcattgtaataagtaattgacctgtgtgctgcttcaa
tagcatcaaggtgcagcagcaacagactatctcaattttttgctctccgatttgctggagcatcgatccc
tttcacacgttggcttctcagctggttgctgacccatacaatgcctcgccgcgtgtgttctcgcaagtga
ctgaagctacaacagacgagcgtgtggctgcatacattaatcgagtgttagaatcggtgtatcagtacga
cacaaagcgagagctgacgcaaagcctacagtcacactcagcgcgtcgaggtggcgcagcgcatgcaagc
tccaacgctagcgtcaacctggctgatttggcccaccgggggctctggtccatggatggatttgctacct
tactcgaatacatatcgccgacgacggctagcgaccagaacgttgcaaaggtgctcggagggtgggtgga
cacaaagcaggctggtcacccgcctacgcttgcctgtttcgaaaaagaatcacatcagacattcacaagg
gtcagtacatttgctcaagcactacggttgcttcacttctccaagatcgcaccgaaaggtttcgcggact
gtcttaccgcgactctgctgatgtactaccgcgacacgcttgctgtcgcaccgcaacacatcgtccacca
agaactggagcgggtacattccactctgcactcgcagcttgaatgtcaggatgagctgcttgactgggga
agcaagattcgcaaacgctttgtcaccgacaacatcctttcacttccgatacaacatgttagagacagcc
ttacaatccaggagcaagcagagcagtttgttggattccatacctttgccgaaacgctggaacggctact
cataggacaccagcagctggtgacctccaatgaggagctcaggagcatgctacatcttgtgcttcgacgg
cttgatcgtcaaccagaaggcaacgcttcctccaccaatgcgacggaaggtagtccagatgctgaagttt
ctggcgggctctcgttgcgatcccctcagcttggtaaggcgtggcccactagcttgacgaagctgaaggg
taggcatctctccgatgttctcgtccagttctacacagaaggcctgggttctattccaaaggaacgagga
aatcgcgggcagaaggattgccttcgagctgttaaaatcgttgcctacgttgccgacttagccagcatcc
caccagttcctgcattatcgcgagaggtggacagggttcaatgggtatctgcaatgaaaaacatggcaag
tcagtgcgaaacagtgttagtcaatggctttaccaaagctgctgatgcaaaagaaggaacacagcgcaag
cgccgtcgctctggaaaacttaccggtatagtcaaagcctggggtgagctaactgatcagcagcgggcgg
cgtttcgctcactaccgcgtatccggttcttagcagcatgagtgagatagttggaggcctcttggtcaag
ttgggattacacaatgcatatgtaacttgaatacacgtcatgccaccttcgatgcaccagagcaccacca
gcttcaacgacatgagcaccgccagatcggagtgcaccacgagctccgaaaacaacgctgcatccgcgag
caccacagactaattccgagagcagcacgagctcggagtgccccacgaggtctgacagcagcccgatctc
caggagcagtacgagctccaagtgcgccatgagctgggagggcagcacgagctccaagtgcgccatgagc
tgggagggcagcacgagctccgagtgcgacatgagctacacgagcaccactgaggccacgagcaccacaa
gctccaagaacatcgcacgccccgtgagcaccaacaagtccgcgagcacgaccgagcccacggccaccac
cagctacatgagcccaccagctccgagtgtacctcgatctccgagagtccgagagcaccgacgagttcgc
gagcaccacaggcccggccccgagtccacgagcaccaccgagatcacacccacaaccatctacatgagcc
cctccagctctgtgtacaccacgagcgagcttcgagatcaccacgagcaccactgagtaacgtccgcgag
cgccaccgagtccaagagcgtcactaactgcacgagcaccaccacgtccgcgagccccgcaaaaactcca
gctccgaacgcatcaccagctatatgagcaccaccagcgagtctgcgagcaccaacaagaacatgagcgc
cacgagtccacgagcacaccaactataaagccacccaccatctcctcaagcgccaccgagtctgcgaaca
ccaccgagcccgcgagtgtccccactgtgtgagccgcctcctcttccttgctgtggtcagtcccttccta
ttttctttttcagccaatcccagcttcgggacgaagttactgggggtacgaatatccaactatagtttat
ccaagtgtacacgagccgccaaatgtaaccactatcttcggccgagttttgatgttgtgcaggggccgaa
gttaaggcgaagataggcgatacag
>CryptonS-13_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatacacgtctttccgaccgatagtttggtgagattgtaattgtacagcaagcaacactt
tttaaaccaatcacaaccctttatttgaacatttccgccaatcatataatctagggttagggctccggtt
ccgacagcttccgacaaatatttgtcggaaccaatgacaaaatatgaatatgtcaatacaaatgtcaagt
tgttagggcattgctggcagattttgacacttccggtctctaggtactatcctatgttaggcaagtcgcc
agcctaaggcagcacaaaagtcttagtggctaggagtgcacagttggaaagcagacgaagcagacatgag
cctggcatcgttcgtgccagcaaacacgcagaaagcgcgtaccaccgcggtaagcgctttcaagcgtatg
ctggaagaggagatggtaagcctagagtatgtgcaggctagcattgcgtctgacacgactggcaagcgct
tcgcctcaataatggaccgctttgggttctatctggctactaacgaaggtaagaaaggcaaacttgcacg
caacactgccgtttcgtattatagaaatgtaaagctttggctatttgatctgtatcctcatctaagggtg
cctacggagcttcagctactgaagcaaagtaaaactctagataagcactgtctgaaaagagagaaaggag
gtattgttaacaaggcgcctccttgtacaaaggaggacctgcatgcacttacacaatatgtctacagcaa
cgctcgcgtgaaagccgactaccaggatgctgcactcgcgtgcctgatgtggcactgcttcgggcgatcg
tcggacctggggtacatcaaaaagcagcacgtgtcagtttcagctgacggtgtcttctacgtgcgtctgc
tgcgcgtcaagaccgccgaggagcagggactaacgctcgtgccagacaagacggacttcctgacttgccc
aatccacgcgttggctgtggcgctggcaacgcaggatgcaccatgcggctcgctgctcagccagctacca
gaccttgttcccgttgaagccaccgccaacgcccccggacttccgctagcagaattactggaagcggacc
cggcctctttgagggttgcactcgcaggcccatgctcgtccgtgcctgctggcacaccacccgctccaag
tctgctagacgctgccgctgttgcagcaccctcagcggttccaggcccaagcttgtcgacgccgtcccga
ccaagggagactacgcgcggggaagatggagtccaagcgtacgtgaaccgcctcctcaagcgcgtctcaa
accccgctggggcgtcagaagccctctcttcgcactccttccgtcgcggcggcgctcaacatgcgaacgc
ggacgagaagcttgctccacagtggatcttcgaccggggcgcctgggacatgagcaaggtaaacaaaggc
ttcgcgtatgtgttcaacacaccgcaggaagaccgcaaggtcgcgcgtgtactgagcgggtggagtgtcg
acgatgtgccaaaagtggtggacgttgaggtcttggatcactccacgcaggagcaactcgcgcgcctaca
agacatcctgtacagttcatgctcgggattgaaagacccccggttcaacgttagtggtaaggttcttgct
gtacttaccgcttacctggtcaagtactaccctcagttgaaggcgctgtctccttctgcgccgatcgtgc
ttcgcgtggaggagagcttggacgcgtctggaatttctcatgccgacatgatcgcctggtcatcggccct
gaacagatcaccgtcgacaacctttgatcgcaacaacaagcaacaagatgaggcaagaggatgcagagga
tgtcatcacagcgctgtcattgaagagcttatcgcgatgaatcgcacgttgagcgctcgcttgacaatcg
tcgaagctgctatgctaaatagtacaagcacacaagctacacaggtgctgcgtgaacaagcggacgcaac
gtcagatcaagatcccaagcccaaacgcaggaagaagcaagtgacgcacctgtcgaccacatggtacgag
tggtacacgaaggtgccacccgtttggagctctgccgaccgccagaaaaagtcagagtcgcgccacgtcg
tcgctttcatgaaagtattcctcgagcaaggtttcaagctggacacgaaggcggaggactaccgagacca
agtcctcggcgccggtcgccgcgcggaagaagccgtgattgccttcttgaaggcgcgtggcacaaacgcg
aagggatctggaagcgtcctgcgcgcgctgcgcccactccacaaggatggtatcttggacaagcacatcg
ctgcgtacaagcggctgcttgcgattggaagaattgtcgatcctgcaccaattgacacacaagacatcct
cgcagtagcaggccacgtgtaagtttcaaaccaagcaaatacatattgcgtttgttagtacactgtatac
acacacgctttgacacatgcagctgtagcatcggccgtggccagcatcatgaactcgctccagcgtcgcc
cagcagcagcaacagcagcagctcaccaaacagcgacggcgtcgtgcctcagctccagcgccttccgccg
tccatccgtgccagcgtagtccagcgccatctcgctccagcagcacgtacaggtcacgcagcacgtagaa
cacacgaacatcccacgcaaaacgcacccacaacacagcacactccaaaccacatggagcgtacccgcag
cagcatcacacgtaaccacaagcgtctgtaagtggcagcagcgttccccagcgacaccgtcgttcagtcc
tagcgtcgtcctgcttcagcatcacaagcatcagacccccaccgaatcccaaaggatagcgccggcccga
cttgaacgggcacctcaggggcgaacccctggctcttccttgagctacggcactgtggtggtagggggtc
ggagctctgctcagtagccgctgaaaaaaggagaatgagctgttttggcccccgtcggcgcctctacagc
cacgcattggtgcgtgtctatacgaagacaggtgccaactgcctattggctgataccaaccaatagttgg
cgagcagccatttattggctaataaaggtggccaatgggtaacgtccacgttgactgcatgtgctctcat
tagtggccccctttgcctgttgccgccctcacaaatgaatttgcggcctccggtgcacattgctctgagg
ccaaatatgcatgcaaacgtaaaatagccgatttctcggcccagaggcctctagaggccatttccttgcg
gctgtgagcaccccacgaaagctgaccgagagcaattttagagacgcacttaatcgaatatgctatatga
tgtttataagttttggtctcttctttctcctgggtccgaacggtcggaaagtgtcggaaaggggtagggt
gtcggaacggttgcgatatgg
>CryptonS-13_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
aagttagcccataaatggttgataggttcgcaagtggcgtgccgggcgtacttaggatttttttactgta
tgaagaaaatggctgtcggcctgggaggcgatccagtacttttctactggatcatggtaattcctcactg
ttgttcacttagcttgttacagaacttactgtaggataagtcctgcttggacggaaagccttgccccgta
cgagataagtcgtcaaataggccaatcacgatcgtaatccctcctattatagcgaatcacacgcatttag
gggtaggttagaggcgcgccagcttatttccggatttgcccggaatttgaatttcttacagtgaaataaa
ccatactgaaaccaagtacaaagtttggttatcgaataagtgctctttagttcagcctggcactgcgcta
tgaatagctacaactgcggtgtctagctgccgtcactctcattctcacagttaacgcatctggaagagca
accgccatcatgcggcgcgctgcgcgagggctagacacgcctgcagggacaatgggtcaagaacaagcag
ctgagaaatactttgcagagtttctcgagtcggctgggctaactccgacaacgctagatgcgatgcactg
ctctcttaccaagggacctagcctgcctacccagaatttttattccttgctaatagcgttcgccattttc
ctccaaactaaaaagagcaacagagcacgttcgggagatggattgttggctaagtctacggcgctaggct
acttttctcagactctcaatatgctacgagaacggtaaccaagttccctgtcggattcgcagcgcattgc
taagatcagagacaagatggcaagcaacattgaagagcgcaacttacgaaccaatgtccagaccaacgat
gcaccaggatgtactgtcaacgatttgtgtgtattagttgagcacttagtcgtgaatgcagaggtggcta
ccgggctcaagtctattcwcgatgctgctctcctaaacatgatgtggcacactttcggccgagcgatcga
cacctgctttgctcgtaaacagcagctctcactatctgcctctggggaactctttcttcacatagcgcgc
atcaagacgtccgttgtgcaaggcgtgtcgatcttcaagtcccctgagcgctggcagcaatgcatgctcc
acgcatttggcttgctcttcgtttgctgtgatgaaccctcggagtacctgttcccgttggtgccgcggta
tgctgagtccgatctccctggaggacagacctacacgcaagaagaagcggtcttgtattgggaaagcctg
gaacatacgacagaaactacaacccaaccaccgctaagacgtgaacgaaagagacccaacgtcgcaagct
atatcacagaggttattcgagatgctttaaagcaaatgcagcctaccaccttgcaagcaatcacgcccaa
catgacaagccactccctgcggcgtggcgcagcggcgtatgccaatgcatcgccgaagcttgcaatacag
tggatctccacgcgtggtgcgtggctcttggaatcgctgaccgaagcatttgcctatataggcacgacaa
caaaagaagatcagagtgtgggcaaggtgttagcaggttacgaggcgcccgacgtaccagtagtgacccc
gtcaattcgcgatctgcaggatagactgcccagagctgagtatgggcagcttgtcacgctgcgagacgag
ctgttccgacatgtcatcggcctccctgacccgcgcttcaacgtagccggagccgtcgttgacgccacgt
ttgctgcgctgctaatgcacctgggcgaagtcctggaagctacacagaacagtgttaagtcacaggcaca
cgttgcaagatacctgtacgagttggagcgtggtctcacatcgacaaacgctcgtctgggatccgctgtg
tccgtcgtgaagtgctgcgagtggggcgagcacttgaagtctcgctggcgtacagtgaaccatgcacatg
ttagcagagcagcatcaagcaacgatacgcagcttgcatccgtcctcgggtgcatgctgggtcagcttac
tgcgatcagcgatagacttggtcggctagaagacgcacacgcagcgctgcttgcgcgcacgccatccttg
gaaccggcaaacccagtgcaagtcgaggccctagctggcgcgtcagtcgaagcgccgctgttcgccgctg
cgccagcccaagcaactgcgacaacgctggcgggctgcctcttgacttggtatgtcgaccatatctggca
aacagtcaaaggaaaacgagagcagaataagcgagctgaggcaaaggcagcagtaaacatcatgatggtt
ctctaccaggcatcctttgaagtacctgctgagccgtcacgaaacgactccaccgcgtaccaagcctgga
agcacctagtgtgggagctcgctctcaagatggacaacacagcgaatcagcgattgcatacctttgacca
gaagaagccaacgcgcaaagcatcgtcgctacgaaagcgcggcggcagctgcgaacgtcacatcccgacg
cgtaccgcacgctcggcgctcagttccttgccttgaaaaacagtggtgcagtgaccgatgcttgtacgcc
agcgtcacaccagtggggggaatcagacttggcttagcatacacctagtacaacacaagcacacaccagc
atgcagcagcacacagcagcacagcacacagcacagcaggacatagcacacaacatacagcagcacagca
cagcgacacacagcacaaagcacacagcacacagcaagattgcccccggctggggtcgaaccagcggcct
ggagacgtagtctcccgctcttccgctgagctacgggggcgtggatacggggggagacctacctcgggga
gtccagtgtcgtctgcagcgccagttctcgtcgggcttgcgcacgcgcgcgctctgtccgtcgccgagct
gcctgccgtccactgtctgccgtgctgccgcgctcgctgagtccgcgctgtctccgagaacaccgaatga
gagagagaacaagtggaggggatttacacatttcatataagtacgaaatttagctctttacactcccgtc
cggaatgaataagtcgaagttgattggcacgaggttttttatgtgtcaccagtgtggctctattgcagat
ttgacaggtttccggattccggtccggaatctggcaattactg
>CryptonS-14_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatacacgtctttccgacagacacaaaggcaagattgtgaatatgtgattaatatccaat
catatactacaatgtaccttaattcagccaattaggtcgcacaggagcaggctcttcattccgacacttt
ctgacaaatatttgtcggaagctagagctaactattttgaaaccaatactgaatttaagtcgtgtaagat
atatgtcaatatttttgtggttccgacaatgcggtatacctcctactttaggttaaaattgagcagtagt
gttaaggtacactcaaccagccaagtccagttaacaaaaagcagaaaagacaagcagcaaccagcatgag
cctctccgcacttatccctacaaacacgcaaaaagcgcgtactaccggaataggcgcgttcgagcgtatg
cttaaagtcgaggatgtatccatggacgttgtccgagcatgcattttcagtgacagctctggaaagagct
tagcggccgtgatggatcgttttggctactatctcgccacatgcgaaggtaagaaaggtaagttggcgcc
caacaccgccatttcttactttagaaacgtgaagctttggtttttcgatgagtatcctcatcttagagta
ccaaccgagctaattttgcttaaacaagggaagactctcgaaaaacactgcttaaaacgtgataatggag
gatttactaacaaggcgccaccttgtacaaaggcggatttgcgctcactaatatgctatgtgtacaaaac
agcatccgtcgcctcggattacgaagatgcagcgcttgcgtgccttatgtggcattgcttcggccgttca
tcagatctcggctacgtcacaaagcagcacattacaatgtcagctgacaacgttttctacattcggatgc
tacgaatgaaaacagctgaggagcaaggcctcacgctcgtacctgatcgggcggattttgtgacctgccc
gctgcacacgctcgcagtagccttggtgatgcaggagtcgccttgtgtgtccctgctaagccagcttcct
tctcttgtgacaccgtctgcaccctcacttgatgcagcagcaccccttctcgatgtactacgagtacctt
cggtcaatgctgccacctcttcgcagcttcctgcagcagggatgactgacccggcggctgccactctgcg
aagcgtcccgagctccgctgcagccaacccttcagcgaccaaccaagctcgcggtgacgacggggttcaa
gcgtatgtgaaccggttcctgaagcgggtgtcggagccggcaggagcctcagccaacttgacctcgcact
ccttcaggcggggcggggcgcagcatgcaaacggggacgagcggctggctgcacagtggatctttgatcg
tgggtcatgggacatgacgcgcaccaacaaaggattcgcctacgtattcaacacgccacgcgaggaccgt
aaagtagcacgggtcttgagcgggtgggctgcggacgaggcaccgatgattcttgatgttgccattctcg
accatggggctcaggagcgcatgacccggttgcaggagttgctgttcgcttcctgtgtagggctgaagaa
caacaagctaaacgtgagtcgcaaggtaattggggtccttaccgcctacctaattaggcatttcccggaa
gtgaagactctcgaacccaggagcttgttcgttgttcgagtggaagaatgcttggaagcagctgacatct
cccacaccgacttgctggcgtggtcggtcgcgctgagccatgtcgcctccaaacctgctcaacaaaggaa
ggacactgaaaagaacggctgcaatcgaacggagtgtcatcacgctgctgtcattaatgagcttatcgaa
agcaataggctgttgtctgcacgcctgctggtgctagaggctgccatccttaagcgacctgcgcacgaag
agccagcccaaactacagaacaggagcaagtttcgtcagctcaaacacctgcagcgaaacgcagaaagaa
agcgactaccaacctgtcatcgatctggttcgagtggtacacacggcagcctcgcgtctggagctctaac
gaccgacaaaagaagtcagattaccgcttgatcgtcgcgtacatgaagcttttcctggagggcgggttcc
agcttcacgagagatcggaggactacaaggatcgcgctctcgaggtcggccaacgtgcagaatcggcggt
cctcggcttcctgagtggacaagggatccgagcaaagggcagcggtagcgtactgcgtgagatgcgcaaa
cttcatcgcttaggagccctcgacggccgtatcacgacgtaccgtacacacctcacctcaaacaaaattg
ctgatcctgcgcctacatcaacccaagacatacttcaattcgtaggacatgtgtaagacaagtgagtaga
tgttaatgaattgcaactcttcgcaaacatcataagccgacagcagggaattggaccccccactcgttac
catccgagcgctgcaccagcagtgccggcgatattcgtgtgcgcaatggcatactgtgctctggactggt
cctttgctacgggagatctgctggggtggctctggaaaaagaagactgagaccacaaggcccctgtcggt
aatttgtggcgctgcatgattggctaagtaaaagacctaggcaaggtttaataagtgacgttgttttatt
ggctgagcaaaaaacctgaatgaggttaatccaaatgactggcctacgacaatgatgtcactatttttgg
cttaagtgtcattattttaaaataacctctaatagtggcccctcaccctggcttcgggtctcattcatga
atttgctggctgttgagcacagtgctgtgaagcctataatgcccctaaacaaaaaaatgagttttctcgg
cctacaggcctctttagagcatttccttgcgccttcgaactccctttccaaagctgactgggatggtcgt
acttataaaagcgaccgtacttagtgtaagcgtacttaatctgagtacaccgtcatgatctgattggcgg
atccgaactgtcggaaacatgtcggaaaggggtagggtgtcggaacggttgcgatatgg
>CryptonS-15_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggtataatgtccactacattccaaccgttacctgtctatgcagccacatactaacaccattttccgt
atttcaaccaatcctcgttaacaaaacgcttattttacaccaatggaagaagcatctggataggagcagg
tttccaaccattctgaccatatttagttggaatctttgaataatattgtctatcggatactgactttcat
ataaagtcatattctaagaatatcctgaagtttctgacggtagccagcagtaggggtttctgtacagaat
aaaattgcggcgtatcagtcatgtcgatagcatccttggcccctggtaacagcaagaaggcgcgaacgac
agcgttgaactccttcatcacgtttctgggtgccgaaagcatgacactttcagccgcgcacaagctcatc
gatgctgataagacgggtaaagtgcttcgtattatgctagacaagtatgcatattcactagcaaggtctc
aggacaaaattttagctacgaatacatgtcttgcatattatggaaacgtaaaaaattggttggcagataa
atacccgctacagagcgggttagtaaagccccagctacaaaagattttatcgggactcggaaggtactgc
acaaatcgagaagaaagtggtaacgaacgagttgctcccccgtgctcaaagcaagatttagaagcaattg
tgcgaatactatacacaacggcatcaaatgagagcgaatatcttgattccgctctcgttgttatgatgtg
gtacttgtacggtcgtagttcggacgcagaacaagtcgagaaacagcaactgtccatcctcccgggtacg
cattaattggtctgacaaacaatttcacgctctaactagattttaataatgtaggcggtgttttattcct
tcgctttaagcgcgttaaaacagcagtactccagggcatgtccttgttcaaagatcccaacaattttcta
acatgccctctcaacgctatagctgtagcgctggtgatgcagagctctccatgcaaacgaatgtttcctc
agtttcttaaaaagaagcgaagctccacgagcgttcaagatctggaggaattgtccctcgtagagcttct
agagacagaggacgaccacacttctatgccagaatcttcgaactcagcagccgcgtcactgcctggagcc
caagcctacgttaacaggctgctggtcagggctagagacaatgccaagcttcataatgtccggctcaccc
ctggcctcacctctcactcgtttcgccgcggtggggctatgcacgcaaatgacgggaccgttgccgaaaa
ctggatcatcgaacgtggaggctggcagctcgaccgtgtgaacaaagcgtttggctatatgcttgggacg
acacaagcggatcagcaggtatctcgagtcttgagcgggtggaaacctaaggatggggctcgtttgcctt
cacttgcagcacttgacacaccggtcctttgtcgggcactcaaactccaggcgctgatattctcgaacac
tctgggttttgctgacgaagccctcaaccttgacgaagacgtagccgaagtcctgactgccacacttatc
ttgcactaccctgatatgctgcgcctctgtgaacgcagcccatacgtcacgaagatgcgagaggcaatga
ctgctcgctccgtcactgaatccgagctgctagcgtggagtatcaccgtccgccgtgccttcataccacc
tcttgagccaaaaccggcaccacctgatagagaagatcgtcttgattcactgttggaactggttcagcac
caaaccaagcagatcgacgtgctcattctgcaaaacaagcatctggaacaacgcttggtagcagtggaag
gccagctccgctcgacagccagcacgacaacgcaagcagcaaccacgatcgacccatcttccgcaacaac
acctccacaaccaccacagcctggagtcaaagcagctcgatcgaaaaagaagggagcacagtcgctggca
gccacgtggttcgcttggtttacggcggagcctcgtgtatatgccgcgcgatctgtaaaaaaggcaacgc
tgtacgagtttagacacaccgcagggtacatgatgcttttcttaccgactggattcgcactagatgcagc
gtctccagcgttcaagagcgaggtgctggccctgggtgagaaggcgcaagaaaatgcgctagcattcttg
aaagaaaatgggtcctcagcagctgcatccggtacggcgctgaaagcttttcgtaagcttcataaggccg
ggaagctcgacgcgcatctagcccagttccatgaccgtgttgagcgcggtgacgtggttgaccctactcc
aactgctgccttaccagaatttattcgcttgaagcgccttggctgttagtctgtagaataaaaacaaaga
atatcacccacaaccacggactacacagcaccgatagtaaacatccgatagacttgaattcatttcgcgc
actaaaacattcacaatatattacagcatagctacaagaacaagttagatgacacataccggctcaagta
atgatctagaacacacttaccatatctacgagtagtatagagcccgagggaaaccgcaagtaccaccgct
ctgtgatwatacacctccggcagcataccgcccgccctaccgggtcattttacatcacagcaacggactt
gggaagcggcaagagtgggagcggcaggcggcgtgtcttggtcagccgtgcggtgcgctcggggggtcga
aggagggcttgtcgccgcagtacagccggcgttccgcgcgccatcttctgtgccgtcgtggtggcgattg
tgtttggagaatgcctgtgtggcctgagagagcagggattttttattttgaatcacggctaagttcgatt
ttattccagacgtttataccggtaccggttggaaccccggtcggacggttggaattttgacggtatgg
>CryptonS-16_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatagtgatctttccgacagataaattttatagttacgaccagagtgggtttaataagca
cattagccaatcacctttcttatttcgstgcttttagccaataatatgtgttaggggtaggggttgaact
ccgacactttccgacatatatttgtcggaagtcaaggcagaaatatgaatatacgaatacaataatcaaa
ttaaaaaaatatttggcaaatattctaccaattcggacatctaggctgaagcaggaatatccctaatgta
ggagttcaatagatgasagccactmmttacttttcaaaaagcagaagagacagctcagcatgagcctctc
ggccttcgttcctacgaacacgcaaaaggcgcgctcaactgcaattgcagcattcaagcggatgctggag
gaggagcatgttagtttggaatttgtccaagctagcattcttctcgacacctctggcaaacgcttagcgg
caacaatggaccgatttggtttctatttggccactaacgaaggtaagaaaggtaagcttgcaaggaacac
tgcgtcctcatactatagaaacgtaaagctatggctattcgatgtgtatcctcacttgcgtgtagctact
gaattgatattgttaaagcaaggaaagacgttagataaacactgcttaaaacgtgaaaatggagggttaa
ctaacaaagctcctccttgtactaaggaggatttaaaggctttagtacgttacgtttacagcaatgcacg
agtcaacgcagactaccaagacgctgccatggcgtgcttgatgtggcactgctttggtcgatcatcagac
ctctgctacgtccagaagcaacatgtgtcggtgtcatckgacggcgtgttttatctgcgtttgctccgcg
taaagacttccgaggaacaaggcctcacgcttgtccccgacaaggacgacttcttgacgtgtccactgca
ctcgctagcagtagcgctggcaacacaagaagcccctagtccgtcgctacttggtcacttgccagcgcta
actccacagacaagtgctacgcttgatgccggagctccactgcacgacttgctttccttgacccccgaca
cactccacgttgccgttgccccgcgacctacaagtccccaagacacagttagcagaaactcacccgctcc
aatcccgacgctggacaaaggcgtgaaacgaggcgaggacagcatgcagagccacgtcaacaggatgctg
aagcgcgtaaccgagcctgcaggggtcaaggcggagctgagctctcattcctttcgscgaggaggtgctc
agcacgctaatggcgacgaccgacttgctgctcagtggatcttcgaccgtggtgcttgggatatgacgaa
gacaaacaaggcctttgcctatatcaccaacaccgcgmgggaggacaggaaggtggcgcgcgtcttgagc
ggctggagtgctgacgctgctcctaaggtgatcgacacggctttgctggactgcacggcgctcgagcatc
ttgaacggttacaggagctgttgttcgccacctgtacaggtctcaaagagcgcaggctaaacgtgagtac
aaaggttctcagcgtactcacagcttaccttgtccgacactatcctcagctcaaggctcttgcccctgga
tcacccatmgtcatgcgcgttgaagagtgcctggttgctgctgacatcccmcttgcggacttgctgaagt
ggtctatagcgctgaacgagaaagccgatgtacctgctcaagacaaagaagaaacccaagaagcaacgca
cacgtgtccggcaatgaatcatcttttggctgtcattcaagagttagttgcatccaatcgcgtcctagca
gaacgcatgaccatcgtcgaggccgcgctactcaagtcgaagtccagctgcgtaaacaaggcagcagctg
aagagcaacaacaagagcaagaatcgtcagatcaagagccaaagcctaagcgaaggaaaaagcaagcaac
gaacctgtccgccacgtggtacgagtggtacactaagacgcctcctgtgtggagcagtactgaccgtcaa
aagaagtccgagtcgcgccacgtcgtcgcattcatgaagatcttcttgscagatggcatcgcgttagaca
tccaagcggaggactacaaagaccaagttctcgacgccggtcgcagggcagaagaagctgttctcgggtt
cctaaagtcgcaaggcgttaatgcgaagggagctggcagtgttctgcgcgcgctacgaccattccacaag
tctggggcgttggatgatcgcataggcgcgtacaagcgcctccttgccaccgggagaatagttgaccctg
ctccaggagacactaaagacatactcgccgtggtggggmacgtctaaacactcttgaatacaawtgcatt
cacagttagtacagttagttacaatacaacgcatttcgtacagcgaactgcttcttcaccaccaacaaac
ctggtgctgcacctcacaacgttgaacacwcagcacgagctccttcaacggcagcacgaatcatcgccgs
cctctctagcacaaaccaacgcmkttctaggcagcaacgtcagcacgaaccagcaccgcmctatccagca
gtttgattcgcaaagtttagtagcaaatcacatataggtaaaccggcagtagggaatcggaccccccgct
cgttaccatccgagcgctgcaccagcagtgccggcgggagttgtgcttgtaggcggcatagtatcgatgc
ttgtgggatgaggtctgcgaggtggccggcgaaaaatgaggactgagccgccaacagctctgtcggcaat
agctggcgtcgttttattggctgagtaaaaaacctggatgaggtttaatatgtcgcgctctatcattggc
ctataaataaccctgatttaaatgagtggccagtgctacagatgtcagtaatatgggccgtgatgtcagt
gtaatgaaacccactctattagaggcccctcatcctcgacttcggtctcattcatgattttgctgtctag
agtgaacagcgctctgagctccataatgctacaaatacgttaaaacgggttttctcggcctacaggccgc
tacagagcatttccttgcgcctgtgatctcccttttgaaagctgactgggtttgttgtcgtacttatgat
agttagcgtacttagtgtgctcgcacttaacttacttctctaaacctagctactccgctgatttgattgg
tggattcaatggatgtcccatttgtcggaatccgtcggaaaggggtagggtgtcggaacggttgcgatat
gg
>CryptonS-17_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggtataatatccgcaagattccaaccatgcatcgtccatgaagaactgtactcagccaatccaccaa
ttagattgcaagattaatgtgattttatccaatgatgaagtcttaaaaagtaaccaccaattcctaccaa
tccgaccatatttagttggaattttttcagaatatgctgtactctttacaaatatccatatagtagcata
ttctaaaaatatcaggaagtttccaacccgaggtggcggttggcagctgtttcctaaaagacatcatttt
gcagagctgtgaccatgtctatcgcgtcgctagcgccacctaacagtaagaaggcccgggtgacggcgat
caactcgttcagcacgtttctttcttcagaaaacatcacactagagcatgttcaacagcttatcgacgct
gacaagaccggtagggtacttcgaattgtgctagataaatatgcgtattctctagctagatcgacagaca
aaactcgatctaccaatacatgtctagcctatttcggaaacgtaaagaactggttgatagataaataccc
acagcaaggggggacagtaaagccccagctgcagaagatcctgtctgggcttggtaagtactgtaccaat
cgcgaggatggggcttttgaaaagaaagctccaccgtgttccaagcaagatctagaaaatatcgctcgcc
tactttatacttctgattctgctgagagtatctatccggatgcagctctggttgtgatgctgtggtattt
atacggacgtagctcggacgcagagcaacttgaaaaaaaccagctctcgattttacctggtaagatcatt
gactattttatttctttatatattgacaattacgctaactggaaccttgcaatatgtaggtggcgtactc
ttcctacgctttaagcggattaaaacagctttgctacaaggtgtatccttgttcaaggacccgacaagtt
ttttaacttgtccactattcgttttagctgctgctctaaccatacagaatgcgccaagcaagcgtctatt
tcctcagtttaccagtacaaggcatatcggagctaatgctggcgatgtagaagacctcagtctcgtagag
cttctcgaggcagacgacagccccgcatccttgccagacctgcaacagtcgccagctaccagatcggttc
ctggtgcacaagcgtacgtgaaccgattactggttcgagtcaagaacattgcagatcagaagcaggtcaa
actcacacaaggacttacctcccactcttttcgtcgaggagctgccatgcacgccaacgatggaactctt
gcagaaaactggattatagagcggggcggttggcagcttgaccgcgtcaataaggcgtttgggtacatgt
tgggtacaacgcaggcagatcagcaagttgcgcgtgtcctgagcggatggaaaccaaaagaaggcgcacg
tcttccttcgttgcgtatcttggagccgtctgtgctgttccgcgcccaagcactgcatggtctacttttc
acgagctccctgggctttgcagagcctggcatgaacctaaacgaagacgtagcagaggtcttgtcagcca
ccctcatcatgcactaccccgacatgctgctgctctcacgcgaaggagcactggttgcccgcattcgggc
ggccatgtcagcacgagccatcggggaagcggaagtacttgcatggagcagcacaatccgccgtgctttc
atgccaccatcagcgataaccaagcccagcgttagcgactctcactctgctgaggtgttaagcctcatga
agcgccagtccgagcagatcagcgttttaatcctgcaaaatcagcgcctagaggaacgactgttagctgt
agaggcgaaattgcactcaccgtcggctccagccaaaactgttgcgggttgtgtatcacagcctgaccaa
caaattgccatccgaactgttcgtccgaagaagaagggctcgcagtctcttgcagcagtctggtacgaat
ggtttacggccgagccccgcgtttatgcctcgcgctctgtgaagaaaacgacgctgtacgagcttagaca
caccgcaggctacatgatgcttttcttacctcatggattttcacttgatgcttcgtctcctgcgttcaag
agtgaggtggtcgcgcttggtgagaaagcgcaagtgagcacgcgggacttcttgaagacgaacgggtcct
cagcagcagcagcgggtacggcactgaaagcccttcgcaatctacacaaggctggaaagcttgacgcaca
tataacccagttccacgagcgtgctgagcgtggtgacgttgtcgatccaacaccaccttcggcgctgcca
aaattcattcgtaacaaaccccccccaagcgctgaacctgtagtacacatagtacagttaagtaacagca
ccagatctcaccttacgctttgaacagtataattcctggcaatagataacagcttccgcactaacgcatt
atcttatattacaaacaaagctgcaacagcaagttagaaacgacatgctcactcatgttatgcagcagca
aagacttaccatatttaatactagtgtggcctcgatgtaggtcgtagatagtcttcggccgcatccagca
gcattccgctcgcccttacgggttatttcacttcacatgattcatctacggggacggcaacggcgggagt
agtgaggcgtgagtccctggtagtgatgccgcgcgcgtagaggtgcgaccgaggccttgaggtcgcagga
gggccgtagaattgcgctccgccctcaccgctgcgcgctcgtggccgtggtttgtagaatggctgtgggc
cctcagagagaagggattttttaattttgtttttattatgtgtaacacatgtaccgcgcaaagtccgatt
tttaactggcagatcgtaccggtatcaggttggaacccggtcggacagttggaatttttacggtatgg
>CryptonS-18_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggaggaatatcatcaagctgccgacagtctatttcttacttagtttcagtatggtcgtatcgagctg
atatttgataaacagccaatcaagtcgtggatgcagttattttatcaaatccgagttattagggctaggt
gaaaaagctgccgacgttgtgccgacatataatgtcggcaagggtactaaatatgcgttaatgtatacaa
accatcaagcgttttaacatcatttggatattccccctctgaccgacaaaaacacatcaaaacagtatga
gtctgcaagaccttgcaccggccaactcccagcgtgcacagcagacagctatcaatgcgttcgctcgctt
ccttgtggccgaaggcgtcaatatgcagtatatcgcagccactcttctaggtgatatgactggggcaaag
tttgtcaagctgatggatcgcttcgcaatttatcttacaagtgcagaagggcgaggagggaaggcgctag
ctcgcaactcagtcatgagctactaccggcacgtcaaaaactggttactcgacacctacccgaaaaatag
agcctcaatcgaaaagaagcttctcaagatggcccagactcttgaacggcactgcctgaagcgcctcgaa
ggtggtactacgaagcgagcgccggcgtgcacgaaggaagatctacgtattctgatggacggtctgtatt
ttgatgctgcgagctctaaggactaccaggacgctgcgctccttgccttgatgtggtatgcgttcggccg
cgcttcagacttaggcttcgtcgcaaagagcaacctcaccgtaagcgctgatggagtcgtctttgtgagg
ctgttacgcgtcaagacatcggaagagcaaggtatatcgatcttccctgatcaagtgagtttcgtcacct
gcccactacatgcgatcgccatggccctggtaatgcaagatacaccaagctcacgtttactggatcatcc
tcaacttgctaccggagacgaagagagaatcgtaacccctacagatatctctttagcagaagcactagca
gcctgtgacggagacgacacagaaacggcttctgagacttccagcaagccacgcacgaagaagcgcaaaa
ccaatgatgaaagtatgaagatacacgcgtatgtcaatcgcattgtcaaatccgcgagcgaagcacaagc
aagagcaaggcctacccccaacttgacctcgcattctttccgccgcggtggtgcccagcatgcgaacggc
gatgctagtctaagcgcccagtggattttcgaccgtggttcatggaacgtgacgtctacaagcaaggcat
ttgcgtatgtgttcaatactacaagtgaggatcagaaggttgcgagagttctgagcggatgggacgcaag
tgccaagccccaggtgccaacgttagcatggttggattccacaacacgggaacaagcccgttgtattgcc
aacctcctcttccagacgagtatttgcactgaagatcccagtaaacggctaagtgatcgtgtatgcgaag
tactcacggcatctttgatccagcattttcctgaggttctagaacggtatccgatgtgtccatacgtgtc
tagaatgcgcataattctcgtgaaacttggaattgagaaggcacaagtgttggcatggagctctgagctt
cagcgtaaagcgatgaagaaaagcgacggcccagaaggaaatagcggcaataaattttcgcgtgaagata
cgctgatcaaccatcaaaattgcgtcattagcgagttggtagcgatgaatcaagcgttggctaaacgggt
gacggagctggagaaacaacaagctcagagggatggagttatatccgtgtcaatgcccatacctgagccc
gggacagcgggagaagtggcgggaaatacctcacgccacactgtgacctcagcaaaactcaagggctgtg
gctctaagtcgacttctaaacggccggcagcaatctggtttgagtggtatgccaagacgccgcggctctg
ggatgtctgcgagaaccggcaaaagaaatcagcgtacaagcaaattgtgaactacatgaagctcttcctg
ccaaatggcttcaagctggacccatcgtcacctacttattgtgaccatgtcctggaagttgggcaacagt
cggaagagaacatgtttaagtttttcgtagcgtacggggctaagcgcaaaagtggatcttccgtcctgaa
gcaattgcgaaaatactaccatgaaggtaagttggatgccctgataaaagagtttcgagctcgtgttgca
atcgaagcaatcatcgatccagctccgcgtgaaacgcaagacttgtttgtacgtacgtagacaacctatt
acagaataagtggtccgttaccaaataagtggcctgttacagaataactggccacgtctgttacagaata
agtggtccgttaccaaataagtggcccgttaccaaataagtggtctgttattaaatatawggcctgttac
tgaataagtggccacgtctattacagaataagtggccctttaccaaataattggcctgttacagaataat
tggccacgattgttaccaattaaatggtctgtcacaaaacgaacagtctgtataagcccgacaaaaaggt
acctcccacaagtcactctacgatttctgcggtgaggggaacaggtccgaaaattgcgtcataatggaaa
ctgcagcagctcaaggtgtaactgagggagctacagcgcgtcggtgcacttcgctgacgcttatgcagaa
gcttgagaagcttattgtatgggaggctaatccggaatggggaccaacacgagccgctcgcgagttgagt
gttagccgaggtgctctcagtaggtggaagaaggagtatccggatccctcgcgcgtgagaaatgattcaa
cactcggtgatggagcgaggaagagagcggtaggaggaggaagaaaacggaaacctcctgcttttgaaac
aagggtgttggagtactacgatacttgtctgagagaagacggcaaagcaacgtaccacgatgtttttacg
tactgtagcaccatccctgagttcctgttaaaggatctaggtgctcaaaaggtgtatgtgacgaggttca
tcaagcgctacaaatcgtcgccagcggccccttctgaacaggagactacctgtgggagccgggctacgga
gctcttcaagccacatacagataccagcgacgagctaacktcgcggggaatacagccctgcgtacctgat
gaaagcaacgagctagttagctcgggtgctatcmgcgacggaggacgacttccgctaaacatctctgacc
agaacagcgatatgccattccctctcgctacggccaaatccaaaactaccaagccgagcagctcaatcgc
acaacgagcacgtacgaaacagtcactcgttagtgtaccgatagaagttttcgaggcgacgctgccaccc
ccccccaagactctgcaggtaacgatgttggtgacaccgccaccggtacacctcctgtgaatgataatgg
cgaaggtacagtcaatttggatggtgaaagaggtgattgcaaaacaggacacgatsacgaagaagacccg
acatctgatgacgacgaatacgacgaagccgaggaagaagacgacgaagctgacgacgactataacgacg
atccggagccagatgaatcagatgacgacgggccatttgcagatgatcatgatgaagaattggaagttga
ttatgcgaggcaaaatcagcacacaaaaactgtcactggttctaagccgatagcttctcggcgccagcgt
gatctactcgcaaaacgcagtagagcggtgttttcttttacagttcgcaaccttgacacatcgatgttgg
gagaagaacgctctgtgaaagttttcaaagatgatatcatgacgctcaaaccgtttggctggcttgctga
tgtggtaatcgactatgccatttacaagcgcataaaattaactggaggatctgtgaaacttcttggggca
tcgcttttcagtcaaatcaamcaggccaagagcggtggtgaaagcagtttcttggatgtcaagaagctcg
ttgacaagattgactgggatctgtattttgcagttctaattccggtttggggcgataaccattggagctt
gcttgttgttgaagagcccgccaagccatcaagacgcatgtttcacgttgactcttgcgtggggattcat
gtgtcgagccacgtattcagtattgcaacgcaatttttggctgaagtctgtggggtcgcctctgatggtt
ctgcaacgacatccgtctgtgagactcacccgcagcaaaaaaacaactccgattgtggggtctacatgtt
gtattacatggagaagatcgctttgtatatcacgcaaaacaagaacaaatcgatccaaagcgagataaaa
aaactgacgtctggaatgattactggaagatcggacaagttccgcattaaaatgcatcaaacgctgagca
atctcaccggtacgaacaactagtccgctcagcagcgtttggtagtgttaagttcacaaatacatctttt
gaggtgctgtaaatgcaaaacgaacgtgttgtaggtaggtgagtgtaaccattgtttggattaaggccac
ttatttggtaacggaccacttattctgtaaatagacgtggccagttattctgtaacaggccacttatttg
gtaacgggccacttattctgtaattgacatggccagttattcagtaacaggccacttatttggcagctcc
cctgtccagttattcagtaacaatcaaaccaatacaatttcacaaacaaagtattaaaaacaaaacactt
tggatttcgccgccatactgtgaaatttagcatgttgtctattgagaccatcatcacttatcgtgacttc
aagacgctttgcattacgtttgcaaaagctgccaagctacgcattatggacgcgtccatccgtgccttac
gcaactcgatgatccagacaatcggtactcgagaccgtgtaccggaagctctccgcgcaatttttgtcag
attgacggacaagtgcaaggccaagatcaacaagaagaagcgtgggctggttgagctggacgacattcaa
gaatggctcattcctccaaccgatggagctgtgggtcaagtgcgcgggacatacggagtgcgacgtctct
tgcagtgcgtggtcatgggcaacaaggcacactacctggtagactgggagccaaccctggagcctcgcga
gaacatctcaaaggagctgattacgcaatttaaccgtgaccgccgtcatcttgtgcgcagtaccttcatt
gacgatgaggctatcgaagacaatacttcctcagcaacctaaacgacaaatagacactcatgttggcgaa
aacaaattatattacatacgttagcactagatagctcgtacagcatacttatgggcagtgtataaaacac
tgcactacaatatgcttagctgagttttcagacgccttgtatcatacataataagtaatcaagataccac
cggctggattcgaaccaactccaccggcctttcggccgggctcaaccatcagagcttcgggggtgtttgg
tagtgtaggcagttacgtaccgtgagcttgtccgttgctgctgaaaaatctgaaatgacaacaagtgctt
tggtgcacatccagtcaattaaaagaacctcactaagaataaaacctaacgttgctttgtgaccagtcta
ttttttaccaatcaccgaagcgtcggccggtgtcggccgcagtcggcagctttacgctatgg
>CryptonS-19_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatcatcaaggtgccgacacataattttatcatcatttaagtataggaaaatggcagcag
tgtgcgccttttgaccaatgacattcatctatgtatctaatctaccaataatatccactaggggtaggtt
tacaggctaccgacattgtgccgacgtataatgtaggcacggagggcagaatatgcagcggctcaatacg
agccactagttcagtccacatcactggcatatttgcgctcttaccgacaaaacactagaaacgagtatga
gccttcaagacctcgcacctgccaactcccagcgcgctcgccaaacagctatcaacgcatttggccggtt
catcgctgcggaaggagtcaccatggacttcgtcgcagcctccctccttggagacggaagcggagcggtg
tttgtgaagctcatggatcgctttggtgttcatctagcctttatggagggacgaggagggaagccgctgg
ctaggaactctgtcatgagctattaccgtcacgtgaagaactggctgctcgacacctacccgaagcaccg
cacggccatcgaacagaagcttctcaagatgggccagacgctcgagcgccactgccttaagagagtcgaa
ggtggaatggtcaagaaggcacctgcgtgtacgaaggaggacttgcgtattctgatggatggactctact
atgacgccgccagttccaaggactaccaagacgcggccttgcttgcactgatgtggtatgcgtttggtcg
tgcctccgaccttgggttcgtggtcaagggcaatctttctgttagtgccgatggtgtggtgttcgttagg
ctcatccgggtgaaaacagcagaagaacaagggatttcacttttccccgacagggacagcttcataacgt
gccctctccatgctatcgcaatggcactggtaatgcaagattccccgtgcgcccaactactcgaccatcc
tcatcttgcggcagggagcgaggagagtgtggcagcacctgtcgacatcccactagctgaagcccttgcg
ctttgcgacgacgacgacgttccagctgaacctcctcaaaaaaagcgaaaggtacctgtggataacatga
agatccatgcctacgtgaatcgcgttgtcaagtctgcatcggctgttcaagccaaagcgaaccccactgg
gaatttgacgtctcattcgtttcggcgtggtggagcccaacatgccaacagcgacccactactcagtgca
caatggattttcgacagagggtcgtggaacatgacggcaacaaacaaagcgttcgcatacgtattcaaca
caacaagtgaagaccagaaggtagctcgagtactcagcgggtgggactccagcaaaaagccaccggtacc
cacactttcatggtttgacttcgcgagccgagagcaagcgctggaattgggaaatctgttatttcagact
agcatcaacacccaagatccagagaaaaaactcaacgggcgtgtggctgaagtcctggtggcgtcgttga
tccaacatttccctgaagtactcgagcgctatccgatgtgcctgtacgccaccagaatgcgggaatgctt
aatggcggttggattgtccagggctcagatgctagcgtggagttcggaactgcaagggaaggttacgcgg
aaggatctcgttgagaacgaggtggacgaagagaagctaacaagagaggagaagcttatcaaccatcaga
atcgcattattggcgagctgatagcgatgaaccgctcattaaccgaccgagtcagcctactcgagcgtgg
tgtcagtcaggcggtagcgtcctcatctccgtcgtctaatgcaactcaggtaggtgcggattgctcggag
agtcctgccaagtccaagacatgtggaagcaaggcgcttcctaagggacctgcagctatttggtttgagt
ggtacgcgaagaccccaagactctgggatgtgtgcggagatcggcagagaaagtctgcctacaagcaaac
cgtgaactacatgaagctgttcttgcctaacggatttcatctggacccgtccacatcgacgtactgcgac
caagtccttcgtgttggacaagaagcagaggcaaacttgctcaacttttttcaagagcaaggcactaagc
gcaagagtgggtcttccgccctcaagcagctgcggaagtactacaatggaggcaagctgaacaagctgat
agaagcatatcgggctcgtgttgcgacggaagggatcactgatccagctccacgcgaaacgcatgatctt
ttttcactcaagtagattactcaggttaataccagctacacaaacgacttaaagagacatacaaacaaac
tcacattttcacgtgttgtttaatattaaattactgtggagttgcccaaatttaattattattattataa
atcaaactgacaatgtgtttttaaatttaaaacttgaattttgaagaaggattaaaagtaaaagaaaatt
tattttgattgattacttggctcgatggcataaacaccatcaacctcggcaaagaaatgtcgcaatccct
cctcagtgcttgccttgtagacgaattcatcggagtcgatgaagtagtgtttgtcacgaactaaagctcg
cgcaatacagtgccacgtccctttcttctgacccattgctctaccaatgatcatgagatgcttgtacttg
gagcgggccaccttcttaaaccacttcttcttgctacaattgaaagtcgccatgttgttgaggtacctca
gttgatatcccttggctcgaagtgcttcgtgcagcgccgccgtagaataggcaccgtatttgtcgttacc
gtgaggttcaaggccctcactttcgcctgatttttcgttcaaacgacgcacaattggcgccattgtctca
accgacaacatatcgcggtgttgaagagcattgttgaccgaatataatccgcacagcgagtatcgaaccg
aagttccgctctgattctgacacattggaccacctcttgtccgtctcaaattgttggattgcatctccgt
cctgattatctagcaaatcgccggatccggagagaaacgcgcaccgaaagactcccaacttctacttcac
actgactttcccgcaaaacggtcgctagcagaacgctggctaaagggagtgcaaaagtagaagtgagttg
ggggagcgttggcgcaggcaaacttcctgctagccattcatgctaaaagcgtaagaaaccatgtagttat
gcgacctagcctagatgtctctgtgtagtagcgttaccatgtgagaattgcattagcttctagcgtttca
agcattagcgtaatgcagtttactgcaattgatttgctctacacatcattgattgcccagcagctgtgaa
agcaaccgactgccttttttctcaggatttgtttttcaccacttggttcaatatacagtactacattgtg
tattattaactgtaaatagtccttttagtaatactgggcgagtacagtattcacgagtgtggtactgtat
tatcgtttttgcatgtgatttgaagctaaaatacagtcagtgcctgccagctgggataatagttgcgaaa
agcaaactatgaaaaaaaaacattatgtcaaaaaaaaaaatggaagttgcattgttaaataaatgctgcc
acttggatgcatgaagtagtcgcctcctagctctctcaagagacgagaagttagcatcatattacacaac
gctacatggagtaggctgtgaggtgcagcctttgcacaacattaattatgatatgctgcatatattattt
tatttactttgttcgcagcgaacttcgcttggcgtacaaccagtgttgcactgcgcaagtttcctacacc
ttccgtgtcaatctawtcacttgaatcaatcagttttcttacattttcgaccaatcatgtcttgtcggca
cagtcggccaggtgtcggcaattttatggtatgg
>CryptonS-1N1_ALai	CryptonS	Albugo laibachii
tatggatgaatatcatcgtttgtccgactacacttaatttttgtattatcactttaagccaattaaagcc
atacatatacatatatagccaatcacattaatacctagttttatttcatccaattataaaggatagggct
aggtaagtcctgaatatctgtgggtcggaggcacaaggtcggaggtttagctcaaatatgtgtattccaa
tacaaacatcaagtgtaacacatatcattcacatatttgcccaaggtccgaccattccatgggcttggat
gatctgctgcctgggaacaccaagcgagcaagagctactgctgtgaatgctttcctgagattcatccagt
ctgaggatgtcgatcttgaaactataatactgtacctagctattttagcaacacgagcagggggggttgg
ggaggggctagataaaagaaatgacagtgttttaaccgcagtgatcggacggaattccgtgttagcaata
gtgagaagagtaaaaatgtgcaattgcgttttatttccatcatgcagaccttcttctacgatacgctgga
agactattgttgtgtttttctacgtgatatgtacaacaktggtactgtgtaccagttgtgtaccagctgt
gtaccattttgtttaaaacatccgatgggtcggaggtcggacttatcatggtatgg
>CryptonS-1_ALai	CryptonS	Albugo laibachii
tatggtagaatatcatcgtttgtccgacctacacttgckttttgtatkatcggtttgagccaatcaaagc
catacatatgcatatatagccaatcacgttaatacctagttttatttcatccaattataaaggttagggc
taggtgagtcctgagcacctgtgggtcggaggcacaaggtcggaggtttagctcaaatatgtgtattcct
gtacaaacatcaagtgtaacacgtatcattcacatatctgaccatcgtccgacgattccatgggcttgga
tgatctgctgcctgggaacaccaagcgagcaagagctactgctgtgaatgctttcctgagattcatccag
tctgaggatgtcgatcttgagtatgttaggagctgtgttttgcgtgatgtcactggacaatcttttttgt
cggtaatggataagtttggagtgtatcttgcatttcacgaagggaagtgtggcaagccacttgccagaca
ttcttgtatgcagtactacaggcaagtaaagcactggctactcgaacaattccctcatcttcgagctttg
cttgaagtacggctgcttaagatggggagaactcttgaaaattattgcgtgaaaagagagggtggaggct
tcgtgaagaaagctattgcatgtacaaaaagtgacttgagaagaatgatgtattacttgtatgctaatgc
ttgctcttcaagcgattaccaagatggagctctactgagtcttttgtggtacatgtttggacgtgcgtcg
gacttatcacttgttcgcaagcagaatgtatcggtcgacgctggtggcgtgttctttgtgcgcttcatcc
gtgtgaagacgtgtgaagaacaggggctatcgatcttccccgacactgactttattacgtgtccactgta
cgcgatcgctttggcgcttatcacccagacagcaccacacgccgacctcctagaaaacctcccagtacag
cttcccagtaccagcgtcgtgctcagtcctgaaacgcccctcatcgaccttctagaccacccagccgccg
tcattggacaccaagatactatcaccaccggcccagccatgtcctcgacactccacatccacgttaaccg
cctcctcgatcgtgtcgcaaagcgtgcaggagttgaacagcagttgacgtcacattcgtttcgccgtggt
ggcgcccagcatgccaatagctcctcgcagctcaccgcccgatggatcttcgatcgcggagcgtggaaca
tgagcactacgaacaaggcgtttaactatgtcttcaacacggcaagcgaggaccacaaagtgtcgaaggt
gctgagcggtaggaagccgaccgatcgtgtgccacttgctgatctgaacacgttcgacgcgcagacgcag
gtcaagatcgcagaagtccaggcgttgctcttcacaacgtgccagaagctcggctctggaaagtacaacg
tttgtcaacgagttctggacgttctcacggcgtacctgatcttgcactacccgttgatgaaggtgatgca
tcccgacggcccagcagtcaagcggctagagcaatgcgtggtggctagaaaatgcactgttcacgaacta
tacgcgtggtctacgcatctcgtcgccactcaagtttcctacgcgcaagaagaagaacacakatcaggcg
acaaagaaagcacagagaacgaagatcgcagagtaattcgccaccaggcttctgtgattgagcacttcat
cgcgtacgcaaaacggcaagacgagcgaatggatgcgctagagacaaagctggacgattcaaggcgacct
cgacaagacgagcgattggacaggctggaggcaaaactgagaggacctatcaaacaactgaagagaccaa
gcgaggaagttgatgtcttatattccaccaagcacaggaaacaatcgtcagtcacccacctacatgcgaa
gtggtacacgtggtacgcgcaggagccgcggttgtggagcgtccgcggcgagaagaggaagaagtcagat
gcgaagacactggtcgctttcatgaagctgtttctcagcgaaggcttcaaactgaatgaagaaattccat
cgtatcgtgatgatgtcatatcgcttggcttggaggcagaagcacacgtcgtgacgttcttaagcgagcg
cggcatacagtcgctgggcgccagcgctgtcttgaagaagctgcgcacgctgcatcacgctggggcacta
gacgatctcatcgttcgacaccgcagacttctggctgcgggtgcgatcactgatcctgctccgctataca
cgcaggatattctcgatccagcagcatacaccctgcaactataatactgtacctagctattttagcagca
cgagcaggggggggttggggaggggctagataaaaaaatgacacaagtaacgctcatctgtcattaactc
gcaakkatttccacsatamcgatcktstatctatctattgtagagcacaacgcactcctcttcttctcgg
gattcgcgttcttggtaggta
>CryptonS-1_HAra	CryptonS	Hyaloperonospora arabidopsidis
tatggatgaatatgatcactattccgacaaacaaaaattcacctgctttcagtatgcgatcatagaccaa
taggagatcgccatataattatagccaatgtgtgattcatcatttagcagtttcagcgaatcggactgat
aggggtagggcaatctcattccgacatcattccgacatattttgtcggaatgaagttggaaatatgtgtg
atctccatacaaatgccaagtccaaggcacactatgttgcatattgtaaaagattccgacaaaatagggc
acctctctattttattaactgtataacttattatatttatatagtagcgataaacaactgcaaagttaat
tccacgataacataatcattaagcttgtgttttagcatgtctgtccagcatacaaatgctaagtcatagc
tgcagcaaactgaatattagattttatacacgcttgtacacttcaataacaagacagcacaggaacatga
gcattcagtcgttggtgccagccaacaccaagtcggccatgtccacagctgtgaacaatttcaagaaata
tctcgcgtcggagtccgtcacggttgaacagctgaacatgtctattctcagtgacccgtctggtgcgtgc
ttcgtcgcagtaatggagaagttcgccatgcacctcgcctatatcaagggcagcaatggcgaatttttgg
cgaagaactctgtgatttcctattacagacaagtgaagaagtggctgctcgggttctttgcgtcacaaaa
accactcgtggaagacaggctactcgagatggcgcgcactctggagagacactgcatgacgagagtgaag
ggaggactcgtaaagaaagctgcatcgtgcacaaaaggtgatttgctattacttatgaattacctctaca
tgactgccacgagttcgacggactaccaagacgctgcacttgtgtgcctaatgtggcatgtcttcggccg
ggcttctgacctatcgctggtcctcaagcaaggtctatccattagcgccaacaatgtactattcgttcgg
ctaatccgcgtcaagacatccgaagaacaaggtctttcattattccccgacaaagagacattctcaacat
gtccagttcacgccatcgctgtggccctactcatgcagtccgccccatgcatttcactgctaccacaact
caccaccaagattgatgtttcagatcctgcgagtaccgtatcaattccgctggtggagcttcttgaaggt
ggatgccatgttgaagcgggaattattaaagaaacgacttctggacccgcaaacactcgcgctccagggg
ttcatagctacgtgaatagaattctgaagaattcggcaaaaagggcaggtgtggaaagtgagctgacgtc
acactcgtttaggcgtgggggagcccaacatgcgaatggcaatcctcagttgagcgcgcaatggattttc
gaccgaggcgcttggaatctaacagctacgaacaaggcattttcttacgtctttaacaccactaatgaag
accagaagatcgcgcgggttttaagtggatggggtgcgaacgagaatgtacatgtatccgacctatctgt
cttcgacacaaactctctatcaaaaatttcaagggttcaggcgctcatgttcagcacatgcagcaacctc
aatgatagcagatttaacgttgaccaacgtgtcctcgactactttgcagcacacttaatccgccactacc
cacaatttaaattgctaaatgcaagtgctccagcagtcaagcgcctggaggaatgcgtgatcactgcgga
gtgtcaattagcagatataatgatctggtcaatgaaactaaacgaagtggagcacgtggaagaaagaaat
ggaaacaatttgagcaatgactctgacttaaagcagcacaaaaataatcaagcgactattaagttccaag
cggctgtaattagcggacttatcgagatgaataagcgctgggaagatcgaatctcatcagtcgaatccga
attgaagaggccgaaagaaggcgatgttgacatattttctgcaattcattcatgtgaaggtcccatggat
gtgggtgaaaattcatgcgtcaagaacaaacgaagaaaaaaagcagcgactagcctctcgacggtgtggt
atgaatggtacactcgcgaaccgcgtatttggatgtgtgaggcttctcggcagcaggtgtccaactctag
aaagaccgtcgcctacatgaagctattcctggaggaggggtacaatctcgatgaaaaggcgaaaaaattc
aaggaacaagtgatgaagtatggaaaccttgcagaggcaagtgtatatgaatttcttcggcaacgaggta
ttgcgtcacacggtaccggctcagttataaagcatatgcgcgttgctcacagagaaggagctttgaacga
aagaattttgtcgtacaatgcattgcttgcaactgacgctatcaccgatccatcaccgccaaaatcacaa
aacatattgaacattgtataagacattgaaagtaccttcgatttatattttatcaatcaagtacggacat
gcatgtatgtctatgttcaacgtttaaaatacagtcaccaatttttctagttcgtatgcgtttatatact
aacaatacgcagcagatttcttcttgagttcagtgccttcgtctcttcaagcgtccttcaatctcttcgt
gtccagccagagactgcacatgagacacagaaacaaattagcagcagcaacaacagcgtcagactgcact
gcacatgcgacacagaaacaaattagcagcagcaacaacagcgtcagactgcacatgccaactcttcgac
taaaaggtactcctcttaccgcacgggcgcttgtattctcttcgcaactgagtgtgtatattaacaaagg
caataacatatcattaagctgaaattggccaatggaacggaatgccccacacgtacatgcctgaatttta
gtcttttatgttagaatgatagcatcatagcattggacttaccctttagtcgcacttcatggtcccagcc
gccaatcgataccacaggaagagcactgtacttctacagtattttgctcttcctgtagcagcgtccagcg
aagattgtgcctcacttggtcttagcgcacggtctgtactgatgccaacacaggccaaaacgtaatacag
tgagtaagttcttagcgtccaatattatatatatatagcttcctttgtgtcaggcacatcatcgttcagt
gtcaagtacctggtactagtaagcgcatgttgcgctcaaacttagcaatcggcagttgcttcacaacacc
agctcgcgaagcctttccatcccagtggaagatcaccgacgagagcaagctcagccacctaaaacacgct
gtcaatagaaataggaaaaattgtaggcaaacaagcgctttaccaagcaatttgacgttgacatttgcgg
cactgcatccatcacaaccacataaacgaacagccgcttgtcaacacattctatagttaacgacctccca
catgccgaatactacgacgtatcgttaaattacattcgccctttataatcaatcgatactcgtagtggat
cttacggaaccgcgcgacttatggcatctagcagccactcgccaaatctgtacgagatcaacactgataa
gatgcgaatatcactagccacgtcatcttttatcatgataatgtgacacggaggtatatagcagtagcag
cagcagcggtatcaaccagcaataacagcgtcaaatgcaccacatgaaacacacgctcaatccagtaata
cacgacaccgtacttacttgtgtcgaagctcactgtccaccaccaacacagcagctgcaagcgcacgttc
acggtggcacatttctgcacaaagttacactccccacggagcacgagcgccacaattccgtcaagttctg
cccacgcagcggctcccaagctgtgagcggcagccctgcattgcaaaacgaccacatcgagcgacgtcag
agccggcaacctgcccaccttctctgtcagcagaggagtacctacctggtacaatggcaacgttccgtag
tctgctagcttccagcagcgtaacattcgttgactcgctggacctaagtcgaataacaagtgccgacaca
ggccaaaatataatacagtaagtaggttcttagcgtacaatgattaagctccctaaataggggaccctat
ctatatattagagctcactaatttgtcggaatcatttgtcggaatgaaaattttgtcggaatctttatgg
tatgg
>CryptonS-1_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatgatagtttatcggaccatacttgaattttgtatgggtatatactgccaattacctgc
cagcaaatatcaccagccaatcacagttwatctaaatcatgatttaaaccaatcggatgtagtaggtcta
ggtgagtcatccaagccacccgatcggacgtatcaagtccgataaaactctaaaatatgtgtatgttcat
tcagttgtcaagtggtagacgtatcactttcatattcctctttatcggaccttcgcgatgggtttggagg
aattgcaacctggcaacacattgcgggctaaggcaactgctgtcgcagcattttccaagtttttaaaggg
tgaggatgttgaggaggaatacgtaaagaaatgtattgaggaggatgagagtggcaagagctttgtgtgc
gtcatggataagtttggaatgtatcttgcgtttagtgaaggaaagaagggtaaattgctggcacgaaaca
ctgcaatgcagtactatcgccaagccaaaatttggctcctagagcaatttcctcagcaccgagcttcgct
agaatcgcggctgcttaaaatgggaaaaactctagataacttttgtctgaaaagagatggtggtggcttc
gtagcaaaggctccaccatgtacaaaggctgacttgaaaaaaatggttgtgtatttgtatgtcaatgcat
gttctgagagtgactaccaagatgctgctcttctgtgtctgctctggtacctgttcgggcgagcttcgga
cctgtcgatgatcaagaagcggaacatctctatagatgccgcccgtgtcttcttccttcgcttggtccgt
gtgaagacgtcggaagaacaaggcttgtctctcttccccgacgccgacttcgcaacgtgccccttgctcg
ctgttgctctcgccctctccgtccaagcagcaccgtgcccagctctcatcgggaaccttcccgaccaagt
gcagcaaacgccgaccacactatcacctgacgtgccgctcgtggagctcctgaacgcaccaccggcgacc
tctggtcttgctacgcctgctcctcctcctcctcgtactgctgcggccccgacaatctacgcacatgtca
accgtgtgcttgatcgcgtcgcccctgccgccggtgtgtcagctgctctcacgtcgcactcattccgtcg
tggtggggcccaacatgccaacggctgcgagaagatgaccgcgcgctggatctttgatcgcggatcttgg
aacctaagcaccacaaacaaagggttcaactacatcttcaacacaagtagagaagaccacatgattgcca
aggtattgagtggatacaaaccagaagacgttgtccctctccaagacctgtccagctttgacgcagacac
gcttgacgcgattgccgagttccaacgagtcttgttcgcagcttgctaccaactagagacggagagcttc
aacatcaaccggaaggttctggatgtcctaaccgcttgcgtcgttaggcactatcccgtcgtaaagggct
tgaatcccaacagtccagcggtgcaacgactcgaaacctgtgttacgcaggctggacgtacgcttccgga
cctcttagcctggtcgacgcatcttgcaggagcgcagcattcctgtaaagacaacatagaagcatccacc
tcaccatccatgccaatggaaccaagccaagaacagaagatcatcgagcaccaggcctctgtcattaaac
accttatcgaaaattccaagcgccaagacgcccgcatggatctgcttgaggctaagctgaacggtgatcc
tgtagctgaaacgcgaaaaagaagcattcaagatgaagacgccacagatgtgagcaaacccaagcaaaaa
cagcgtagaggatcagcaacctaccttcatgcgacttggtttacctggtacgcgcaagagccacgctggt
acgtcgaagcaccgaagcagcagcgctcgaaggccaagctgctagtcgcgtacatgaagctgttcctcga
cgacggcttcgttctcagccaaacctcagcggactaccgcgaccgagttctggagctggggaagcgcgcc
gagaatgccgtactcacgtacttgaaaggcaaacacagcatcaactctcgcggatcgagcgcggtcctca
agcacctccagcgggtccactgcgccggcgcgctaaatgccaagatccagcgccaccgtcaactgctcca
gacagctgcaatccaagacccgtctcctggctacacgcaggacgttcttgaggaggttagtaagtagaac
aaacacttaatgcgaatgcattcacccttcctcacagcatcaagctatgtcgacctcaacacacgtatgc
aatcacctttcttgctgatctcagctgtccacgaaacttgatcttcgctacaaggcctctaacccaagca
taagcaataacgatggcccgatttgaacaggcatcctcaaggccgaaaccttgcgctctcccagttgagc
tacatcgttggaaggggggggggtcagaggcgacctggaggcttggaagcccgtgaagcccgtacgggag
atcagcgtagttgcgttgaaaaaagtaagactgaccgccaacgtgagctgtcggcgacggattgactgaa
agtgagaggctgcaaaccattcgatacgtgtagtctaacgcaattacaagtggcacgtttttactggcag
ataattaaccaataagcagtagtagctctgataactggctgtcgtcaatcttaatttaccggacagatgc
aaaattatccggacgatcgtggcgattctgcctcattgttaaatttgctagctcatgcgcacgtgactct
catgccaaaaatgcatagaaaaacaaaatagtgattttctcagcccagagggcgtttcaggccatttcct
gccgtctataaaacagtctgtttgaccactctttggccttttgcgtcatttcacatcaggcatgccctcc
cctaaacctcgtacctatctgagataaactgtgtacaatacataggtccgataaggtcatccggtccgat
aaattttggtatgg
>CryptonS-1_PR	CryptonS	Phytophthora ramorum
tatggttgaatatgacaatctatccgactgtactttgagtttgtattgagcataaaggccaatgggagcc
aaggtggacaatttaaaccaatcattgtacattagatcccgtattttggccaatagcatgacacgtataa
ggcaagtcctgtaggccagccgttccgacgtattcggtcggaaacagtcgtcaaatatgtgtatcgtctc
tcaaaaggcaagtcaaaagcatatcactcgcatatttgccatcgatccgacctgcaggatgggtttggag
gagctagcccctggaaacacgaagcgtgccaaggcaactgccgtgtcagcattcatgagatttttgaagt
ctgagggtgtgacagaggagtatgtacgtgtgtgtattgagcgtgacgagagtgggaagtgctttgtgtc
cgtaatggacaagtttggtatgcatcttgcattcatagagggtaagaaaggcaagccactatcacggaac
acttcgatgcagtactatcggcaagctaaactttggctgttggatcagtttccacagcaccgagctgcac
tggaagcacggttgctcaaaatggggaagactctagacaatttttgtatgaaacgtgacggtggtggctt
cattagcaaggcaccaccatgtacaaaggctgacttgaaacgaatgctggcgtacttgtatgttcatgca
agctgctctagtgactaccaagatgctgcgctgctgtgtctgctgtggcacctgttcgggcgagcttcag
atctcgcgctcctccgcaagcccaatgtctccatcgacgctggaaacgtgctcttcgtgcgcttcattcg
catgaagacatccgaagagcagggcttgtcgctcttccccggaacggacttcacgacgtgcccaatgctc
gcgatagcattggccctgatgatgcagaccgctccatctcccgacgtcatcgacaacctgccggagctgc
ctggccaagccgcgatctcgctttccccagatgtcccgctgctcgagatcctcaatcatcctacagacac
cacaggtcttgatgcaccgtcgactgctggggcggagacgacgcccaccatctactcccacgtgaaccgg
gtgctgaaccgaattgctgcagccgcaggagtcaaggttgcgctgacgtctcattccttcagacgcggcg
gtgcacagcatgccaatgggagcggggagctcacggcgcggtggatcttcgacagaggtgcctggaatat
gagcacaacaaacaaggggttcaactacatcttcaacaccagcaaggaagatcacaaggttagcaagata
ctcagtggacatagcgctgaggcaaaggtgtcgctccaaaacttgacaacgttcgacacacaaactaggg
cgatgatcgctagcttccagcgccgtctgttcacgacctgtcaccatctcgaaaccacacgacacaacgt
gaatcaagcagttctggatgtgcttacctcgagtgtgcttcggcactatccgctgttgaaagacttgaac
gctgaagcacctgctgtcaagcgcattgaaggctgtgtagctgacaccggctgctcgctctctgagttac
tggcgtggtcgtcgcatcttgcaagtccagagctaacctgtgaagacaccaagtcacaaagcacacacca
gcaacagcagaccgtggtatccaagcagctgatggagccaagcgcagaacagaagatcatcgaccaccaa
gcggctgtcattaaccattttatccagcacgtcaagcggcaagatgctcgcatggatgccctcgaggcta
agctaaacaacgatcctagccatgctacacgcaaacgacacaagccagacaccgacacaagcgacatcag
taacgtcaagaagaaacagcgcagatcagcagtgactcaccttcgcgcgacctggtacgcgtggtacgct
catgaaccacggatgtggcgggcaccgatctcgaagcagcagaagtccgacgccaagcaacttgttgcgt
acatgaagcttttcttggaggacggctttgtgcttgatccaactgcaccgaactatcgcgatcaggtact
gtcgctcggagctcgcgcggaggagtctgttctcgcgttccttggtgagcacaacatcagctcccgtggc
tccggagccgtcctcaagcacctacgcatacttcatcgtgctggaacactcaacaccaatattgggcgcc
acgaacagcttctccagacacctgccatccaagaccctgcccctggttacacgcagaacatattggaaca
gattagtgcgtaaatacgccagcactttaaattgcataatacacgttagttcatacgctgtcacattcac
acacatgcacacacacacacactgcttcacaacgcaacacatatactgtcacacatcgacacatacttcc
acacataggctcacactcgcactcgctgccttgcaccggccaatatgctgtcgaacattagaaatacctt
aggtgggaatcggacccaacgaccatccctttcgggggctctaccactgagctactaaggtggggttagt
acaactcagcgcagggtatactcgttggagtgcccgagggagcattaaccaaccacagttcttcgtggca
gcgacaaccctcttcagtgcaccgatgctcggcacacctccctcaattcatcctccaggatggtcactcg
ggcactgacacgcgtcgacgaatttgcgcagggcacgtgggctcagtgccatcaatttcaaaacacgtat
ttacctttttacgaatatttttacagggtcactcaacttttgtattgcatactattttctatacatggtc
ggaaaggtcggaggtcggatatattttggtatgg
>CryptonS-1_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggatgaatatagtagtttttccgacagatagcttagtaggattgtacagaacaggaaatatatgacg
gcctgaccaatcacacagtcgctattcactattttcatccaatcaaatcacacagggataggtttttagt
tccgacagcttctgacaaatatttgtcggaagcgagacgcaaatatgtatatgcacatagtgaaatacag
tcaagtacgtacttttcaaatatgctcatgattacaacaactaggcagaaacctattttaggcccggagc
tctagtcagtggagacactggtggtcctccgcacatacacacataggcactttgaaacggcagaagcgcc
agacaaagatcagcatgagtctctctgcactcatccctgcgaacacgcaaaaagcgcgcaccacagggat
tggtgcttttgagcgcatgctagaagcagagaatgtgtctatgaatgtcattcaagcctgtgtgcgtggt
gacagttctggcaagagccttgctgccattatggaccgctttggctactacctcgccacgtatgaaggta
agaaaggtaagttggcgtctaacacagccatttcatactttagaaacgttaagctttggtttttcgatga
gcatcctcatcttcgggttcctacagagttaaacctgctaaagcaaggcaagactttggaaaaacattgc
ttgaaacgggacaatgggggatttactaacaaagctccgccttgcacgaaggcggatttaaggtcactaa
ttcgctatgtctacagcacggcgtctgtcgccaccgactacgaagatgcggcgctcgcgtgcctcatgtg
gcactgttttgggcgctcctcggatctcggctatatcagcaagcagcacatcacagtgtcagcggacaac
gttttctacgtacgcatgcttcgtgtgaaaactgccgaagagcaaggcctcaccctcgtacctgaccgcg
acgacttcctcacctgccccctgcacacgctggccgttgctctggtgatgcaggaggcgccctgtgtgtc
gctgctgagtcagcttcccgctctcgccaccaccgctggaacctcgctcgacgcaggtgcgcctctgctc
gaggtgctgcgggtcagcgtcgcggatagcagcgacaccgcggcggccttggaagcgtccctgtcgccgc
ccagcaccgcttccctgctccccacaccaagtccgcccagctccaacccgtcgcaagccaccaccgcctc
cctgccagctcagctcacagcttcaagtcccgcgaggagcagcctcggccgcggtgaggacggagtccaa
gcgtatgtcaaccgctttttgaagcgggtggctgaacccgccggtgccaccagcaacctgacctcgcact
cctttcgccgaggaggtgcccagcacgccaacggagacgagcggctagcagcgcagtggatctttgaccg
cgggtcatgggatatgacccgcacgaacaaaggctttgcctatgtcttcaacaccccccgcgaagaccga
aaagtcgcccgagtgctgagcggctggagcgccgacgaagccccggtcattgcggacgttgcagcgctgg
accatgggacgcaggaacgcctggcgcgcttggaggagctgctgttcggttcctgcattggactggcaga
cgcaaagctaaacgtaagtcgcaaggttatcggagtgctgacggcgtacctgatcaagtatttcccgcaa
gtgaaggcgctggcgcccgacacgctgttcgttgcgcgtatcgaggaatgcttgggagcggctgatatcc
cggtcgccgacatgctgtcttggtccatggcaatcaatacgtctgctgcttcgagtcctgaacaagcaca
cgaaaagtcggaagcaaagagcaactgctgtcatgctgggtgtcaccatttggctgtcattagcgagctt
atcgagagcaatcggctcatgtctgcgcgcctcctcgcactggagacgatcatcctaaagcaagcgccgc
ctgtgaagcgtattgaagaagcatcagaagagcaagcgtcgtcagagcaagcgccacccgcaaagcgaag
aaagaaagctgctacgaacctgtcctcgctgtggttcgagtggtacacgaggctgccccgtgtctgggac
tcgagcgaccgccagaagaagtccgactaccgcctgggcgttgcgtacatgaagctctttcttgacggcg
gattcgtgctgcgcgaggatgctgtcgacttcaaagatcttgtcttcgaagtaggaaaacgcgcggaagc
agcggtccttaggttcttgagcgagcagggatcccgagcaaaaggagctggcagcgtgctgcgcgagatg
cgcaagcttcatcggtctggtgccctcgacagtcgcatcgtggcgtatcaaagccacctcgccctggaaa
ggatcgtcgacccagcgccggctgcaacccaaaacatactacaagtcgtcggacacgtgtaaggcacaaa
gttcggggcaaatacatatattcatgaacaaatacaagacagttagcttacgaacgcgcagatcaaggcc
atgaccatcctgccaaccatcgcccagagaccgtcgggcactcagcgcatcgctctccatccgctcgtcg
ccgcttgcccggacccaaacactgcacaccttggaaggctcccatcaatcgtgattggcgacggcgggct
tcgatcccgctcctcagggcaagccctgcgctcatccattgagcttcgtcgtcgagggtggagcctccgg
cttggcttgcggtctggggggttcggcttaaaaaatctagactgaagccgcggggcctctgtcggcgttg
cctccgagagcttgactgcgtggcgcttttctattggcttaaataaaacctcattgaggtttttaaacga
gtggctctggaagagagggtcactcttgtgaagtgtaaatatcactgtttaaagacaatcaacccaaata
gtggacccaccacaggatcctggctctcattaatgaacttgccacctcgagagcacattgctccgagtcg
attttgcgcctagatgcaaattgccgtttttctcggcccacaggcctctagaggcgatttcctcgcggct
gtgagcaccgcatgaaagctgacaagaatcggtcaaacggccccctagtcctaatttaccgtacataata
tctaatttccgatttttcactatttccgattttgcactggctttgaccaattgcctacttgtcggaatat
gtagggaagtcggaaccgtcatgatatgg
>CryptonS-1_PTri	CryptonS	Phaeodactylum tricornutum CCAP 1055/1
ctgtaagttccttcgtcccacagttttgggccgttttacggatcgactacaggtttgtaatcgcgcctgt
ccgtcgccacagtgccacgtcacggagaacccggactcggccgatgtcacaggaatttcaaatctgtccg
gccggtgatctttcttcgccaaacaggcctcacattttccctgttcgccggacgcatcgcattcttgccg
tgtcgatagktgaaccacgacgtttgtagtgcctgacgtcgcagcggtttgttgcctcccaagaaaggaa
gggaagtaaacagaaggatagcaagcaatagcaacttgatcattttcgctcctccccctctggttcagca
gtagacaataatcaatactagtcaaaacccgcaggcactgtgtacctttgttgctgattcgttctcttgt
ttcctagctgagacatcatgaattgtcaaaaactcaagggtgtcaccgaacttcgcaagggatgctcttc
ggagtcatcgctcaaggcggcatctcggcacttcgatctcttccttgaagaggtaattttgtccggcacc
attggcggaaaagagaagcagcakctctttccaataagaagcgtcaataacagcacagatagcaacaaca
ttgataacagcaaaagattggatggtgatgcgcagacgcagtactcgttcaaaaccatcgccgtggaaaa
gatcaacgacaaactgctgaatctctttgctggatatttgacaagggccgaaaaactccgtgggaataag
aacgaaacgcaggacaatttctcggatggcaacggaatttcgtacaacacggcagaacgatacctgagct
ccattaagaacgagattcttcgtcgttgccttgatttggggctaaagagatctttcgacgatgcgcaaca
aacgcgaattcgccagtccatgacaagacgttttgttgaaagagccgtccggaacaagacgcctctggcc
agatctcatgtcacagctgctcggaacgactttcttgtaattgcgttgttatgtatctgggacggttctt
ttccgatggcggatatgttattttatcttttgacgctccgatacttagccggccggggccaggaagtggc
catgatatcacggtctagagtttctcttggagagccatcagaatgggccgatagtggtgacaagaccttt
gttgtgaggctgtggaggtcgaaagtcagccacgagcaggatctttctattgttcctcaccaaagtgaaa
tgttgcttgattgggtgtttgcatttgcctatagtgctgtgatgaataccaacccaaacgactcgttgtt
cccgacctttgccgaaaaagtggagttgcgcaatttatcagctggaaacatcaatgatgaagaaattgga
aatgagactacccaagatagtactttgaaagcaaaggtagattccagcaaaaaagtcaccaagtactttc
aagcacttttggagcgactaattaagacaagcgaggagcttgtaggtccgaacgaaatggctagagctgc
cggtttgtatcaggatgatgaagattttagcgaggaatttgatggcagcagctgcgtcggtacaactagt
gtcaacaatgagccaggaatattcaatctgacaggagaagaagaaacggttggattggatcccccagcca
atgctgcctattactatagcggtttgcttcataagcacggcatttcagccggactctcaacacattcggc
taagcgctctgcagtcgaaatggcaaatgaaagtgctctattgctcacaacatgggtatgcttccgggca
ggatggctgatgaaagcagtgcatactatttttgattacctatcatttaatccgaaaaatgatcgacaag
tttcgagggtgttcagcgaatggaatacgccatcttttcgtggtgagatactaggtgggcgtcctccaag
actccatcccattcgacttcagggatttaaagaagcagagaaggttcgttgttttgttgctgcactattt
gtgaactacgaagacaaaggcatagactccaatatattttgcaccattgacgatcggaaaaatcgacttc
gtgagttacgaaatctgtatgatctcttgacggcaactattctccgttatctgcccaagtttgtcaaagt
ccttcaagaacatccaaatccgtctcacccattccgacaaggtcaacgcacttgtatcgaaaagcacccg
tttctgttacgaatccttaaggcaagtcaaacagcaggcatcttgtgggatgagttgaaagcatggagta
ctttggttcagaaagactttctcgagagaaattttgagtcagcaagctggtctgagatgctagaggttgt
cggggaggagcaattttctgcggatcctaggacactgggaggctacatggaaacaacgaatcggactatg
aatactattcaactgggacagagcaggatgctggagactacaagcattcatgatgcccgacttaaggagc
taactaccactgtcagcatacaagggcaagcaatcgaggaatgcaggcaagcgcttgcagagataaagac
attgctaaaagaggctctggggaaaccagatatccttatccctgccatcaatcagggtcgggaacaacta
cccatcaatccttctgcagcagaaagaatgctagwaatagaccagcaggtactcccagtgtattctcttc
ccgagaagctcaaggatatggacctcacggatttatttcagcaatggcattttcaacagtggcatttgca
gatgtatagcggtggaaccaaacagaggggcatttcgagtcaaattcgctttggaatggagtacttttct
ctgttccttccggcacaggtacctccgttgcctacaggtgcagtcaatccaatggaactacttgcggaac
cgtggcggcggcagatccgtttccttgctaacaaagcctttgaagcaatggctgacttctttgagaccaa
gggtttgaaggtaccaaagtctttgacgccgttcaagaaagcaatgtttctaattgatgccagcgagtgg
ccaaaagggccacaggatccgtcaccattccccattcttagtaaaaaaggcaagaaggaggaacttcgca
actacgattgtctgcaaaagtcacaggaaaaagaaaagttaaaggtccagaaccgccttcagaagagggg
ctccgcgaccaaacaaacacttccagttgttgttgacactacttaaggagaggctttgattctcgggcat
gagttgcatgatactactgcatgataccacttttaacagtaaatggataaawtacataattttcttttat
attagtataatccatctcaatgaaattaatacatttgctaattttcaccaataccggcggactggagcaa
aggctataaacattggcgctatacaccagcttcaccgtaaatcttgctctcgtacattccgcactgacaa
tcgggtgcggccttcacaagtcccttcattgtcgcgtagttttcgagcaacaaggacaaccacttgccga
tcgtcatggtataggaccccattcaatgcgtcaaggacgaattttaccaagttgtcaacatctgggccgt
ttgcaggggaggagagaaatgaagcacccaacttgagatttccaggagcccttttgcagcctcgaaagtc
taccattggtcgcctcaggaaaaaatcaatggacacgtatagccggtgggtccggtcgaaaaccggccca
ttggtggcagtgscagtattccggcggacaaaagctcgaacttgctcaatccgatcacgtgctgggttga
agctaccgccgcggaaccatcggctcctaggtagaggaacgggggctccggggatcatgatgtgtatggc
ggggtcctgatccgtcgaagcgtcgtcgccatcggaaactaggtcgatgaccgcgtggwtagagtcgttc
atgctctgttcggatgtcgcggagtgagcaggatgcgtggaatcactaggattccaagaacggggacttt
catgtaccttcgaggaagaaaacgaacaggtggagcaggacgtctatttttcacaatcagtttggttctc
tcgacgattgaaaaagtgaggagatccggtccaaaaaacgcagtaawwcgccacgccaattcgcgcgggg
agaccgccaaagccggagagcatcgcgaaggcagatacttacaaacagtatggcacgcgacagtagtccg
ttcaaactatcggtgttgtgcgcctcggtcgcctccctcttcgaatcgggaaggctgtcgcgaaactagt
cacggagaacacacgacattgttcaaccgattgatcgattttcggggtctgtcgcaggtgtcccggattc
cctgggcctccggccaatcagaatgccgatatgattttgtaaaattttacacttgtttttgtgatcaaat
tggaacttattttcggaaagatgattttwacctcgcgctatcgcgcgaaacattatttcaatatttccaa
atcgattacggtgccgctcagtcgggctgtcgaccagaccgtcgtgcgcgaaaaactgcgcgacacgccg
taaactcatacacagactctgtaatctaagggtgacttattttactgtaag
>CryptonS-1_PU	CryptonS	Pythium ultimum DAOM BR144
ttttgtcgaatcaaacactttattttattattgtctaatcaacacacccattctatatcattgcagccaa
taaaaattgagtatgcggctgctatccattctgaacagattctgacatattttgtcggaacgagtggtgg
atatgcaatgtccccataatgatatcaagtccattgcatctcactctcatatttgccatcattcggacca
cggtagccatctccgatgagcctgagcgcgttgcagcctgcaaactccgcgaaagcggcaaacgttgctg
taaacgcctttatgcgcttcctctcctcggagggtatggcgtgggagaacgcgaagcggcacgttgagaa
cgatgcgtctggtgaaagcctagcagctattatggactcctttggtatgtacctagtgcgtatcgaagga
aagcaaggcaagctattggcgcgccattccgtcatgtcgtactttcggcaggtaaagaattggttgctag
atcagtttcacagacagaaagcattagtagatgatcgcttattaaagatggctcgaacacttgagagata
ttccctaaagcgagagtcaggaggaatggtaaagaaggcaaacgcatgtacaaaagaggatttagagcta
atgatgttgtatttgtacaagacggctgctaaccctactgactaccaggacgccgcgctgctcgcgctct
tgtggtacctcttcggccgagcgtccgacctactgctcctgcagaagcagcacgtgtctgtctgctcgcg
caacgtcttctttttgcgcttcgtccgcgtcaagacggcagaggagcagggccttacgttgttccctgat
aggaactttgtaacgtgcccgctgctcgcaattgcccttgcgttggcgacgcaacggcgcgcgtcgcctt
cgctgctcgaccaccttagcgacgtgcagcacgaggaaggatgcgacgccctgcccgcgtcgatctcgct
gatggagcggctgcttggctcggcagcagcagtggatggaaccaaggaacgcgctgcgtctgcgccaggc
gtccatagctacgttaaccggctgcttcgacgtattgcggccaaggccggcgtctcgaagccgctgtcgt
tgcactcgtttcggcgaggcggcgcgcaacatgcgaacggcgaacccgatgtcagcttgcagtggatcct
tgaccgcggcgcatggaacctaagcacgacgaacaaggcttttgcatatgttttcaataccacaagcgag
gatmaaaaaatcgcaaaggtacttagcggctggcggcctggcgacaaagccgcaaccgtcgacctcggct
tcgttgacgctgcgactcgcgagagaatccgacgcttccagctcctgttgtttcccgcgtgccaaggact
gtcaactgctgcctacaacatcaatgccactgcgctcgacgtcctcacagcgcagctgcttcttcactat
cctcacttgaaagcgttgaacgaagcatcacctggtgtgcggcgtgtcgaagaatgcgcagcgcaggcaa
aggtggaaatcgcggagctccttgagtggtcgtgcgcactggagcaacaatcaagcgcctgtgaacacaa
agaagcgagcaaagaagaatcgaacatcgacaaagcgctgcagcggcaaatggccttgattgaacagtta
attgaccagaacaaagcgctgtcgaagcgcattcgtgcgatcgaatctgggaatgaacctacggaggaga
cacctgcagcgcaagaagttgacaaggctgttagtaaagcaccaaagcgcgcacgcaagtcaccaacgac
gcacctttccgacgcttggtttgagtggtacacaagcgagccgcgactgtgggtgtcaggcgatccaaag
cgcaaatcgctgttgaagcaggcagtcggattcatgaagctttttttggtcgacggcttcgcactgaacg
agtcagccgcggactacaaggatcgcgtgctcgagtacggacagcaggcggaaaacgaggcgatcgtctt
cttacgcaccaaacgcattgagtcaaggggcgtgggtgctgtcgtcaggcactttcgcgagctgcagagg
gctgggcatcttgacggcgcggtgcgtcactatcgttcgctcgttgcggccgaacgcattcaggatcctg
caccatcacacacaaacccacagtagatatgaaggtaatacacagtacacattcaaacctttcgttcgct
tgcatcttgtgtcacacctgtcgatcacagcacgaaagacaatatgccgctggcggtgggaaccgaaccc
acacaaggcatgtgccttggcttgctccagtgcaagcgcgccagcacagtgtgctgcagtcaataacagg
agaggtgcgggctgggtcggcttgtgtagttgagcgaaaaaaatgcagactggcacacgagagctggtgt
cggcctggtgcgcagtaggtgggtgatgaaaagcacctgtccacgtaattacaggtgcgcgtgtttttac
actgattgaatttgtgttggcgttgtgcttggtaattacccgttggtaaatacctctaattgttgtgtcc
ttttccgctctgaataatggactgctcacgccgcaacacaccctcatttcaaaatttaccacgtacagcg
tacatcgctcccgtgactttctttacctttttctcgccaaaactgtttacacgtttttctcgctaaccag
agcgtttcagacgctgatacgttgcctatggactcgtcgcttttgctcaatcacaactgcttctgcgtca
tttaaacccctaatctccaacatcgttgtgttgtcgagccatcattaaccctagcccgtttacttaaggc
ccactatttgtgtgttgtgtgtggtttacacgattcagaatggtcggaatgatcggaacggtgacggtat
gg
>CryptonS-20_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatcatcaccgtgccgacacagtttttaacttgattaaagtattggcagtatgactgaca
cgacgggttttgaccaatgaaatcagtatttaaaatatatcaaccaataagacccgctagggatagggta
aaatgatgccgacgccatgccgacgtataatgtaggcaagggggggggatatgttgagagtcaatacaag
ccacaagttgggcgcacatcattcgtgtatttgctttttcgccgacaaaacactccaattcattatgagt
ctggaagacctcgctcccttaaactctcagcgcgctcgccaaacggcaatcaacaccttcggtcgcttca
ttgcggccgaaggcgtctccatggacttcgttgcggcatctctggtcgcggatgcaagtggtgccgtctt
cctaaagctgctagaccgtttcggcgtccacctagcatttttggagggccggggaggcaaaccgcttgca
aggaactcagtcatgagctactaccgccatgtgaagaactggcttcttgacacgtacccgaagcacagag
ctacaatcgagaagaagctactcaagatgggtcaaacccttgaacggcactgcctcaagcgtgttgatgg
ggggggggtcaagaaagcaccggcttgcacgaaggaggacctacgaattctcatggatgggctttactat
gatgcgaccagttccaaagactatcaagacgcagcactactcgcgctaatgtggtatgcgtttggccgtg
cgtcggatctaggcttcgtgttcaagggaaatctgtcagttagtgctgatggagtggtgtttgtgagatt
aattcgtgtgaagacagcagaagaacaggggatttcactctttccggacagagaaagcttcattacgtgt
ccactgcatgctattgctatggcgttggtaatgcaagacgccccttgtgcgcagttgcttgagcaccctc
atctcgcagctacctacgacgaaagcttgaacccgcctaccgacattccgctggctgaagctctggatgt
atgtggtgagctcgacagctcaaccgagccccctcaaaagaagcggaagctacctgaagaaaatatgaag
atccacgcgtacgtgaaccgcgttgtcaagtctgcttccgctgcccaggctaaagcaaagcctaccgcaa
atttgacttctcattcgctccgacgcggcggagcgcagcatgcaaaccgcgacccacttcttagtgctca
gtggatttttgatckgggctcatggaatatgacagcaacgaataaggcgtttgcgtacgtgttcaacacg
acaagcgaggatcaaaaggtagctcgcgttctcagcggttgggattcaagcaagaagcctccagctccga
cgttgtcttggtttgattccgcaagcagacaaagagcgctggagctaagccacctgctgtttcagtccag
catacacactcaagaccccgacaaaaamctcaacggccgcgtcgctgaagtccttacggcttcattgatc
cagtactttccagaggtcttggagcgttatcctatgtgcctgtacgcagctaggatgcggcaatgtttga
tgacacttgggctgaccaaaacgcaagtaatggcttggagctccgagcttcaaagcaaggtgtcgcggaa
agagcttgaagaatccagtggggatggcgagaaattgacaagcgagaacaaactcataaaccaccaaaac
cgcataattggagagttggtggcgatgaatagagctctatccgaaagggtcacagcgcttgaaacgcaag
cgggtcgctctcagcaggatcgtgagcccacaacaggtcagtcgtcaccagaagtcgatctcaccaattc
aaaagggtgtggaagcaaggcgttaccgaagaacccttctgctatttggtttgagtggtatgcgaagacc
ccgcgcctgtggaatgtatgctccgaccgtcaaaagaagtcggcctacaagctcaccgtaaactacatga
agctattcctgcctaacggctttgtgctcgatgaatcctctccggactactgcgaccaagttcaacgtgt
tggcttggaggccgaagaagggctatacaagtttttcgaggaatgcgggacaaagcggaaaaatggctcg
agcgtactgaagcaactgcgcaaattttaccgtgaaggtaagcttgatgcacatgttaatgctttccgtg
ctcgtattgcgatcggtggtataattgatccagccccagctgaaacgcatgagctgtttaaccgcaaata
gaatacagattctgaaaaaaaatttgtgattgagatgtgtgaaaacgattgacttcattcttattttttg
aaaagtgaccgagctaaaaatgggcactcagttactggatcgttggttttaaagtttcttcactgtccaa
tttgcagctagaagatgcsatcacttagtcgtagactttttacaggagcagttagagcttttattaagca
acattaccctcgtgtaaaattctcggacgaagccattcgactcctgagactcaagcttccccaagctgaa
tcaaactccagcgagctgactagtctactgtccgaagcgttcaccgcccttctccaaggtggaaggcgcc
gcatcgaaggctgccacgtcagagcatggccaggcctaccgcgcgagtcgagtgacgcagctgaggagaa
agcagcgccgatgggagcagaaaatgcacgcgaggaagagcacttagacgcaggctcagcggccgagcaa
aaagagccgacaccctcgaataatgacaccgccgacagcgaccacagcgacagcgacgttatctggatcc
caccgccgcgcgtagccgaggcgaagttgacgctgcgtgaagctcttggggacggcgatagcagcagtag
cgacgaagagacggagccgaccgagaccttggcagctgggaactactatgttcgcagcatcaccaactcc
tacatcagggatgggcggcgcgtgtatgtaacagactgggaagcaaccgaggagcctgcggacaaccttc
ctcctggaatggtcgcggccttcaaccgccgtcgcagagctcaggttcgtcgagccttcatagaagacga
agctggtcacacccgcgagcgccgtcgcccttccgctgaagctccaagctcacgtcgtcggccgcttcgc
cgtctccgcaggtatgcagatgcttagcacagacaagaagagctgacaagaacagcatcaattgcatata
ttaccatgccaccaagccttcgtaacaccttgctacccacgacatcacacagcaaggatcacgctgtata
acagcacaccaagcttacatggtccagcagcaaggtgtcgaggggcaaaacagcaaagttccactggaaa
cagcacactaagcttcctttgcccctcttctgctgctaactcatcccttcagcccacaaaatcactggca
gaatccacatttcgttagtcaacaccgtaaccccaaaacgtacggcgccatcctaccttatccgcttctt
cagtgctgtcgtactttgcagaagaccaacgggcgcgcgcgggccgcgggcgggggccccgcccccccgc
cgcggcgccccggccgcgcgcgccgccgcgcccggcgcgcgcgggccctcggtgtgtcgctgctgctatc
ggattgctgctcgtggcgagggccccgccacccccccmcccccgcctgcggacgccccaggcacgcgcgc
gccgctcctgcgctctcttctcgttattctgttgtgcggacctccgttctgaagactggcgctctaaaga
ctttctctgccatggtttctctgccttttttctccaattgaattcgagttggagttgaattggtaattgg
ttgaaatactacatgcttcaccaatcacgaccgtgtcggctgctgtcggccagtgtcggcatcgttattg
tatgg
>CryptonS-21_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggaagaatatcgtgtctattcggacatcagctttatgacatttaaacattgtattagtagtcagcca
atgggatatgtttagaatttgattgtacccaatcaaatccataaaaaaatcaatgtttcaaactcggaca
atacggacatattgtgtccgaatatattgtgaatatttaatattcttcagtaacttcaaatcaaatgaat
atcattaaaatatcgtaaatattcggacaattatcatatatgtcagggtcctcagaggagtcactgtgaa
ccacttaaaccccatcgatgtcgacgaaggctctgattcctggaaactcccagcgagcccgcttgacggc
gctgaatgcgtttgaacgctttgcggcgtctgagaacatgaccatggagactatgtacaagctgattggt
gacgattctacaggagaagtactctaccttgtgttggacaagtttggcgtctttcttgcttttaaagaaa
gctcgaaggggtcgttgttgtctaaaaactccgtggccagctactttgggaacgtaaaaagmcatcttat
agagctttacccagctgttggggctgtggcaggtcgtcgwttgcagaaaatagcttctgtactggacaag
tattgctcgaagaggagtactgaatttacccaccaagcgcccccgtgcaccaagaaagacctacgtcttt
tgactactgcaatactgagtgaggctacccatgatgacgactacaaggacgctgcacttatgaatttact
ttggtatctcctgggccggtcttcagatacgatgtctttactcaaaagtcaaatagcagtttaccctggt
aggtgctacctcataatttgtttttaccattgatattttgctaattttattttatttggcaggaggatgt
atctacatcaattttaagcgaatgaagtctgctagctgtcaaggtgcttcactttttcacgaccgtgcaa
actttgcatcttgccctattcacacagttgccgtggccacaataatgcaatctactccaagcgaatattt
gcttgaccacctccctcgcgaaccggaagacatccatcaaatccacctgggtgagacgtctctaattgag
ctsctcgaagcgaaggttgcctctggaagagaaggagatgctctgaagacccagcttgagcagcaccgtt
ccacagttccaggaatccacgcgtacgttaaccgattgcttcgaaagtggagtgctttttgcacaaaaga
tggagccgctttggcgaaagggttgtcatcccattcatttcggcgcggcgctgctcaaagtgcaaatggt
agcagcagcattagtaccccttggataatggataggggcggttggagtatgaccgcggtcagtaaggcct
tcaattacatagtgaacacaacgcaagaagatcaagctgtgggaaaaacgcttgctggatgggattaaag
agtgacgctcgtctaccaacttttgaaggcttcgatgatgtagtcgtccgtcgggttcgtctacttcaag
gtctcctctttggaattgctcaaggattctcggatactcttagcttacgcgatgacgcggtggaagtttt
catggcggttatcatcttgcattatcacgacatggttcaaatggctccaagttccccctatattgcacgt
gtacgacaagcattaggtaagctccatatcacagaaagcgaggtggcctcatggtgccttaccattcaca
agacccttatgcgtacacaacacgtagattctcaacaagcgggtcgcggccagaccgctgagacgagagc
tgacgagctacttcgcaagcgaaccacgctgcttgagcagcaaacaaaaattgtggacggcttactgaag
caagtccgcctgctcagcgaccgcgtacagaagcttgaaggttcatcttgtggtccggcaacaccgcttc
cagtaccaccgcttcaacctggtgccagcgatgtcaatcgaccagcagcaaggctcgccgctgctggtcg
aaggaaatcaggacccaagtcgctaacggcagtgtggctcgagtggttctgcaagttggaaccctatgca
catgaagaccgtagacgttaccatgagatgaaagttacggttgcatttatgcgtttattcttaccgaatg
ggtatgacgccactgggaactgcgctgccgacaaagagcgaattctagagactggtcgtgaagctgaagc
gaatatccgagtcctgctagattcacatcacaagaaggcgaaatcgtacgggactgtgattagagctcta
aaagagatgcacgaggcgggcaagctaaacggccaaattcagcattaccacgcgcaagtccgcgaaggat
gcgtcatcgatgactcgcctccaaagtccttttacaagctttcactctgcaacatacaagattcaacatg
aggctacatctaccagtcgccaacatttcgagtcatcgcaccgtgtactgcatcgagctgacgacggcct
tgtgccaacttgcgggtcatgcatgacctgcgtgaaaccacaaatcattttgtaaatactctttttccct
caatactacacacactttactggtacctggaatttgtgcttgtttggccacaaccaccacaatacaagaa
cagtgtttaagcctgccacagcgggaaatgcatctcactgggacgctgttgtgatcaccgacccaaccga
ccattacctcccctgccacgagctccacacggggccacttggcaccacatcagctccacacagcatacaa
tgacggcgaggtccatwacctcctccactattaaccccacactgcatgtaatggcggcgagggtcaccac
cgccccgccaccagctccacactgcatcacactgcacgtaagggcggcgagggccatcacctcccccgcc
ttcagctccacaagcgtctcgtcacaggatctcacgcaccgcagawttaatacgccgcacttcacttcac
gaacccttcacgccacactccagaactgcttcctcgctgatggcaagttatgatgtatgacacacttgtt
ctaaaaaattattaatactctttcagaggttgtccgattgtccgatcaactttatttttgtccgaacaga
aacggtatgg
>CryptonS-22_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
ttactgtaggataagtatattcctgacggagaccccacccctactgtaagctaaaaaaatccacagccaa
tcgctggacagcatgaacttttatttgctcaaaccacccaataaccgctatttaggggtaggggtagttt
attccagcttatttccggaattgtccggctttctcgaaatttcgagataagacgccttagtaaaatcaag
tcacatcatgtattatcgcgtaaaaggcgtctgtaccagagaaaaaattcatgcggttgaagagtaaata
tagactaaaacttcacgatgaggcgccatgcaaccgaccagcttgcattacgcgcgggattcacactgcg
agaggcaatgaggagagcttcgcgaggtctggacactcctgctggcacaatagggcaagagattgcggcg
gagaagatgtttgaggagttcctcacttcaataggattatcgaaagtcgatttagatggcatacataaag
ctcatagagaattagctagtctcccgacccagaacatgtactcattgctaacagctttttcgatttacat
acagacgaagaaaagcaacaaggcgagagcggcggatggactactagcaaaatcgacagcgctagggtat
ttttcacaagttgtgaacatgcttcgcgagcgctacaccaactctcttggtgaccctaagagaattgcca
agattcgggacaaaatggctagttacatagaagagaggaatttgcgcgcaaatgtgcaaaccaatgacgc
tcctgggtgtaacgtggatgatctaagtgtactcgttgggtatctaattgcgaaagctgacgtggctacc
ggtttgaagtctgtacatgatgcggctctgttgactatgatgtggcatacatttggaagagctgtcgata
cctgctttgcacgtaaacaacagctctcgatttcagcttctggagagcttttcctacacattgcccggat
caaaacctctatggttcaaggcgtctcaatatataagtccccggagagatggcagcagtgtatgcttcac
gcattcgggttgctgtttatctgctacgacgagccctccgaatatttgtttccgttggcacctaatttcg
cagagtccgaccttcctggtaataaaccgtattcacaagaggaagctgttttgtactggggtcaactatt
agaagacgataacagcacgtcggagccgccccaaaagcgagagaggaagagaccaaatatcgcaagttat
attaccgaggtcattagagattcgttgaagtcgatgcctcctgatctcagccaaacggtgacgccgaata
tgaccagccactccattcgccgtggagccgctgcgtacgccaatgcgtcgccgaagctgtcgattcagtg
gatttctactcgcggggcttggctgttggagtcactaaccaaggcgtttgcctacattggaacgacaaca
aaggaggatcagagcgtagccaaagtgttagcagggtaccaagctccagacctacctgtggtaacgccga
caattcgtgacctacagcagcgtttgacggtactggagtttggtcagcttgtgacccttcgagacgagct
gtaccgccacgtacttggtttccaggacgctcgatttaatgtcgcattggacgtcgttgattgcacgttt
gcatcgctgctaatgcacatggatgaggttcgcatccacatcgaaaacaccaccagcacctcggtctcgt
cgcgctacatgtacgagctgcatcgcggtatcgcctcttccaacgctcgtcttggctcctgcatcacgat
acgaacatgctgtgagtgggggggcgtacctgagagctcactggaagacggcaaaccacgtgcagcttag
caatgccgtcgctggtaacgacacgctgctatcatccactcttaacaacatgttagcccagcttgtgaac
attagcgagcgacttggtcgccttgaagactcgcaagcccagatgcagagccaggccttagggagtactc
agacgcaacagcagtcaccacagctacctactgctgttgaggttgtcgtcccagcttcagcgtcagcctc
cacccttgctggatgcctgctcaactggtacactaaccacatatggcaaacggttaaaggtaagaaggaa
caaaaccagcgtgccgaagcaaaggcagcagtgaacataatgatggtactgtaccagaagccgtaccaag
tcccagaggagcctccacgagccgacgtcgcagcttacagtgcctggaagcacgtagtctgggagctggc
actcaagctggatacagccgcgaaccagcgtctccacgccttcgaccaaaagaaaccaactcgcaaagct
tcgtcccttcgcaagcgctggcgcctgctgcgtacgtcgcatcctgaagcgtatcgctcgcttggagcac
agtatcttgtcttgaaatccagtgggtccctcgtagatgcctgcacacctccatcgcatctgtgggcagc
agttgacttggattgacaagccgttgggcagcacagttcagcaaacataagcacgagcaaacagcactca
ccagcatcaacaccattataaggcagtacaccacagtagatagttcagcaatcagtacagcctacattac
aaagcatcacacaccacacacaatgcacacaacatgttacagcacacagtacacaacatagcagcacatg
cacatgcacagcccaacacaacactgcagcatacgcacaacacacagcacagcacgcccaatccagcaat
acacgagcaaatgcacatcacagcatgtacatacatataccgcatcacacgcgtcgctccatagcacaca
gcacagcaccagctattgcaaacacaccacagagtacagcacaaacacaatccacgcagcacagcttaca
actatctgcccccggctggattcgaaccagcggcctggagacgtagtctcccgctctaccgctgagctac
gggggcgttggggtcggagaaggcacgcaccgtggtctggagttggagctgtggctggaggcttgagggg
tacgcttgaaaatcgctgaatgaacagcgaagaagactgtcgcaaggtagccacctatttgcaattcatt
gaattgttatttaagcctatccactgtcatccggaaaaaataatccgaccgtgattggccggattccacc
cggcatgactcagtcattccgtatggcgaccatccggactggtgtccggaatcggccaattactg
>CryptonS-23_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
ttactgtaggataagctctattgtgccggacacccaacccctactgtagctgtaatccctcgataaccaa
taggagtatgcccagagcacaattctaccaatcatgcatcaataggggtaggggtaaactattccgccta
attctggaattttcggtattttaccgggtctaataataagataccatagtgaagtcaagctaaaacgata
cttatccgataattgcattgcgtaccggaaaggagtttctagaatatttaggcagaagagaattgcattt
gtacgaagaggcttcccttgtatcccttccagttgttacgaagaagatgaggagggcgcctcgcgggctt
gacatgcctgttggcacggtagggcaggagcttgctgcagtgaaggttttcaatgaattcctggtatcaa
cagatctaagcagtaacgccctagacaaaatgcactcctcgttatccaatgcaactaacatgccgatgca
aaacttctactctttactaacagcctttgcgaatctttttacagacaaagaaaagtggaaaagctacgtg
ctgctgatggattcctagcaaaggcaacagccttgggctacttctctcaaattgtgaatctattacgcga
acgatacagtggatctctctctgacgccaagcgagttgctaaaattcgagacaaaatggctagtgctatc
gaagaacggaatctccgttcaaatgtgcagagcaatgattttccgggctgtactttatctgatctctgtg
tgttggtggaacatcttgttgttcatgctgatgtggccacgggaattaagggtgttcatgatgcagctat
gttagctatgatgtggcatacatttggacgagccatcgatacgtgtttcgcccggaagcaacagmtttcg
atctctgcatctggagagctgttttcgcatatcgctcgtttaaagacatcagttgtccaaggtgtatcta
tttacaagtccgcagagagatggcaacagtgcatgttgcatgcgtttggtatgctatttgtctgctwcga
tgagccatccgaatacctcttcccactagtgccccgttgcgcggtgtcggaccttccaggaggccacacg
tacacgcaagaagaagctgtgatcttttgggagagcttgcaggacaacattgaaaaggagacccagcctg
cacctaaacgggagaggaagcggccaaacatagcgakttatattaccgaagtcatccgcgattgcatccg
aaacatgcctcccaatgtgcgccagaccgtgacgccgaacatgagcagccactcgctgcgtcgaggtgcc
gctgcgtacgcaaatgcgtccccgaagttggcaatccagtggatatcgacaagaggtgcttggctgttgg
agtcacttacgaaggcctttgcctacataggaacagccacgcgtgaggatcaaagtgttgcaaaagtact
ggcaggatacgaggctccagacttacctgtctcaacccccactgttggtgatctgcagcagcgcctttcg
acagcggagtttgggcagctcgtgacgctgcgcaatgaattgttccggcacgtgctgggctcgcctgacc
cccggctgaatgtcgctgtcgatgtcgtgaatgctacgtatgcagcgctgctaattcacatgggcacagt
gttagataccacagcaaatagtgctaccactccagcgtacgtgccacgctacctgtacgagctggagcga
gctctcgccgccacaaacgcactcctggggtgctcgatcacaaccgcgacttgccgtgaatggggctccc
acttgtcakctcgttggcgcaccatgaaccacgcgcagctcagccgcactgctactggaggcgactcgca
gcttgcatcgaccttggagaacatgttggcccagctaacggcgatcaacgaccgtattgcccgcgttgaa
gatgccttggctgcgtcatccgagcgtcctgccacccttgaaggtgttctgcaaccaacagaggcaactg
cgcctcctgtagccgcacgcacactctctgtagcacctgcaacagcatcgacactggcgggcagcttcct
aaactggtacacaaacaacatttgggagacagtgaaaggtaaaaaggagcagaacaaacgtgcagatgca
aaagcggcagtaagcataatggtgatactgtaccagaagccgttcagcattgctgcgccaccgtcacgag
ccgaccccactgcgtaccaggcttggaagcactcagtctgggaattggcgattcaaatggatgcagccgc
aaacgagaggctccatgccttcgaccacaaaaagccaacccgcaaggcatcgtcgctgcgtaagcgttgg
aggcagctgcgcgcgtcacatcccgaggcgtacaggacacttggcgcccaattccttgcgcaaaaattaa
gcggcgctgctgttgatgcmtgtactccatcgtcacatttgtgggcagcagtagacctascataacacac
agcagcacgcattcctacacacaaatacacagcacagcacagcacatagcacattacatacaagttgccc
ccggctgggctcgaaccagcggcctggagacatcgtctcccgctctaccgctgagctacgggggcgtgag
gatgtggggggattgtacttgaccttcggcacttgaggggtccgcgctgaaaaaagcagaatgaagggag
gagaagactgtcgcaaagcgagccaacgatttgttttcaattcattgaattgcaatttgaacctatccac
tgtcatccggaataaataatctggccggattacatccagcatggctcagtcattccgtatggcgaccttc
cagactggtgtccggaatctgccaattactg
>CryptonS-24_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
caattagaagcgaaaaactaatatttacaccaatcagagtccgttgtgcataggggtaatttattccgac
ttatttccggaagtgtccgtcatttttaagaacgccaaaataagttcctatacttaaacaaagatgtttt
tggatttatcggataagtacaactattgccggaaaccaacatcgataaatatagattgaagtgttgagca
caagacaccttaacttctgaatttactatgaagagggcgcctcgtggcctcgacacgcccgctggcaccg
tcgggcaagaagtggctgctgtgaaggtgttcagcgagtttttgtgctcagcagacctaaacagtgatgc
gctcgataaaatgcatgcatctcttgtagcaactactagcctaccaatgcagaacttttactcactttta
acagctttctcaattttcctacagaccaaaaaaagtagcaagtctcgtgctgctgatggttatctagcca
aggcaactgccctggggtacttctctcaggtggtaaatttgctaagagaacgctacagtgattcgcttca
agactcgaagcgtatcgctaaaattcgtgacaagatgacgagtgcgattgatgaacgaaatttgcgtgcg
aatgtgcagacaaatgatgccccaggctgtactgtaaacgacctatccttgctagtggatcatttagttg
tccatgctgatgttgccactgggctcaagaacattcatgacggagctctgcttacgatgatgtggcacac
atttggtagagcgattgacacgtgctttgctagaaagcaacaactatcggtggcagcttctggtgaacta
tttcttcatattgcgagaattaaaacctcagtcgtacaaggtgtctctatttacaagtctgcagaacgct
gggagcaatgcatgctccatgcatttggcatgctttttgtctgctacgatgagccgtccgagtacctatt
tccgctcgttcctcggtacgcggtgtccgaacttcctggcagccagacgtacacgcaggaagaagctgta
atattctgggagagcctgcaacacgatgtagaaaaagaaagtgaacagccgttaaaacgtgaacgcaaac
gtccgaatattgcaggttacgttaccgaagttatgcgtgattgcttgagggagatgccgcaggaaacgcg
gcaggaagtgacgcccaacatgaccagccattccttgcgtcgtggggctgctgcatatgctaacgcgtct
ccgaagcttgcgatccagtggatatcaacacgaggcgcgtggctgttggactcgttgactaaagcgtttg
catacataggaacaacgactcgtgaggatcaaagtgtagcaaaagttcttgcgggatatgagtcgcccga
cttacctgtagcaacgccaagcattgaagacctgcaagagcgtctcacggtcgcggagtttgggcaagtt
atcacgctgcgaaatcagctctaccagcatgtcctcggctcaccggatcctcgcctaaatgtatctgttg
aagtggccaacgtgacctttgcagtgctgctcatgcacatggagacagtgttagccaccataaaaaacac
agcgtcgtcgccatcgcacgtatcacgttacctatacgagctggagcgaggtattgcttccaccaatgca
gcgcttggctgccatatctcaacaagcacgtgctgtgaatggggcttgcacttggcgactcgctggcgca
ccacgaatcactcgcagcttagccgcaccgtcgctkgtagcgagtcactgctgtcgtctacgttggagaa
tgtgctggctcagctgacatcaatcaacgatcgcattgcccgcattgaagacgctgtcgctgctgtcgca
gtccggacaatagaggctgaattgggtcctggttcctcggctgatggacctgggcaagctgtgcctgcgg
tagcggctcctgcgacggcatcaacactggctggcagcttcttgaattggtatcttcatcgcatctggga
aacagtcaaaggcaaaaaagagcagaataaacgtgccgaatttaaagccgcagtgaatgtcatgaaggtg
ctttaccaagcgccatgccagatcccagcacagccgacacactccgataaagccgcgcatgacgcctgga
agcacgcagtctggaccttggccgtgtcgatggatcgtacagcgaatgagcktctccacaaattcgacgg
caaaaagccgacatccaaagtatcgactctccgaaagcgatggcgcgcgctgcggtcgtcacatccggct
gcgtaccaagcgcttgcagcgcagtacctggggctggtcactaatggctccatcgtcgactcctgcacgc
ctgtatcgcaccaatggaccgcttctgaccttgcgtagctagcctgcgtattcaaacacaccacaacaca
cgacacaacacagatcaaggttgatcagcttgcccacggctggactcgaaccagcggcctggaggaggtg
cctcccgctctacccctgagctacgcgggcgcgaaacaacgacgacaggcagcggaacctacccgtggac
gcttgaactcttgcttggggtcttgaatgctgaatggggggaaatgaatggcacgtgcctcttagcatac
aaattgtaagacattctatttgcatacaaaaatcaagtctaatccaccctatacactctcgtccggaata
aataatgatgttgacgaggagggcctgtttttccggcatgcatctgtgattttgtatgtgggccttccgg
aatggcttccggattctgctaattactg
>CryptonS-2N1_ALai	CryptonS	Albugo laibachii
tatggatgaatatgatcataactccgacaaacaaaaaaacacttgtcctcagtatgtgatggtagaccaa
taagagattgccatataattatagccaatgtctgataaatagttttgctgtttcaaccaattagaataat
agggttagggcgggktaggcctttttcattccgacattattccgacatgttttgtcggaacaaatttaga
aatatgtttcagcggcatacaaatgccaagtcagaggtacataatgttgcgtattgtgaaaaactccgac
aaaatttgtaccactgtaataaattacaaaatataatttagaaatatgattgagcagcatgcagatgcca
aagatgcaccaccactgtaatgaattctatagtataatttagaaatatgtatattggagcaatatagaaa
tgccaagtcagcaccactataataaaatctataatwtaattgggaagtatgtctgagcagtatacmaatg
acaagtcagagttgaaaatactgcatattgtgagcgactccaataaaccctcgtacacatcaacaacaag
aacatgagtacccagtctttggcgccagccaacaccaagtcggccatgtcaacggcagtagtacagtgag
tagcttattagcgtcctgctttatagcttccttaacastagatcctttcttaatagtagacctctctgca
atatgtcggaacccgtgtcggaacctaaccctatgtcggagttttcatggtatgg
>CryptonS-2N1_HAra	CryptonS	Hyaloperonospora arabidopsidis
tatggataaatatcatcaaatctccgaccacacttgaattacgtattgactgtattgaccaatagggtga
gcgtagtgatatggcaccctttataagcgaatcaaagtggtcaaataaaataattatagccaatcagaga
gtagatggacatataaagctctcgcagctatctctccgacgtatcaggtcggagcgagcagtgctgttat
ggatatcactatacaaacaccaagtaactcgcatattttacaaataacatcaaagctccgacttctccga
cgtctgatcaatataaaaccctttattagcgaatcaaatcggtcagatgcaataggtcagatgcaataat
tataaccaatcagagagtggatggacaagtaaagctctcacagctacctctccgacgtatcagatcggac
ggagcagtgttgtgtgatggagcggggcgtggcgtggagaggacggggaagggggcgggagggggttgtg
tggggggtaggggggcagtaggggcggtatcgagtacaatcgaattcgcgttaatcaatcacattttagc
tccccgagacacttataataatcaacacacagaaattgtgtaattgtataattgtgaaattgtgtgcaca
caattatactattttgtactgtctttatcccggtcggagcgtgtcggaggtcggagatttcatggtatgg
>CryptonS-2_ALai	CryptonS	Albugo laibachii
aagtttgcaccactgtaataaatcgtataatataatttagaagtatgattgagcagcatacaaatgccaa
gcatgcaccactataacamatctactatagtataatttaggaatatgtctgagcaacatacaaatgccaa
gtcagcaccactataataaaatctataatatattttggaagtatgtctgagcagtatacaaatgacaagt
cagagttgcaaatactgcatattgtgagagactccaataaagctcgtacacgtcaacaacaagacagcac
aggaacatgagcatccagtctttggtgccagccaacaccaagtcggccatgtcaacggcagtgaacgcct
tcaagagattcctcgcgtcggagtccgtcacatcgacggacgcctacctcaagggcggcaatggagaatt
cctcgcgaagaactctgtgatctcctattacagacaagtgaagaagtggctgctcgggtttttcgcttcg
caaagaacaatcgtggacaacaggctacttgagatggcgcgcacgctggagaagcactgcctgacaagag
tgaagggggggctagtaaagaaagctgcatcgtgtacgaaaggtgatcttctactacttatggagcactt
ctacacgactgccacgastccaacggactaccaggacgctgcacttgtgtgcctgatgtggcatgtcttc
ggccgcgcatctgatttgtcgcttgtcctcaagcaaggcctgtccgtcagcgccaacaacgtactctttc
ttcggctgatccgcgtcaagacgtccgaggaacaaggcctctccctgtaccccgaccgggagacattcgc
aacgtgtccggttcacgccatcgcagtggccttgctcatgcagtccgctccatgcatctcgctactgccc
caacttacaaccacgaacgatcttgcagagcccgcgaccacagcctcgatcccgctggtggagcttctag
gaggtggctgccatgtcgaagctggaatcaaacaagaaacggcttttgtgtccgccgccgctcgcgctcc
aggggtccatagctacgtgaatcgaattctcaggaagtcggcaaaggcggcaggtgtggagagcgagttg
acatcgcactcgttcaggcgtggaggtgctcaacacgcgaacggcgatcctcagttgagcgcgcaatgga
tctttgaccgaggcgcatggaatctgacagcgacaaacaaagcattttcgtacgtcttcaacaccaccag
tgaagatcagaatatcgcgcgcgtacttagtggttggaatgcaaacgagaacgtacctgcagccgagcta
tgtgttttcgatacccgtacccgagcgaagattgcaagggttcaggcgctcatgttcagcacatgcagca
acctcagtagcagcagctacaacgtcgaccagcgcgtgctcgaccactgtgctgcatatttaatccgcca
ctacccgcgattaaaattacaaactcaagtgctccagcagtcaagcgcctggaagaatgcgtgctcgctg
cgaagtgccaagtagcggatatgatgacgtggtcgatgaagttgaacgaagtagagcctgtcgcagaagg
aaatggaaacgagacaagcaacaagaccgaccaaagcagcacgagaaaaatcaagcgactatcaagttcc
aagcggctgtgattgtgggcttatcgagctgaacaagcgctgggaggagcgaattacagcagtcgaatcc
gaattgaagatacgaaaagctgcgacaccttctggaggagagtcgggtgaagamgcgaaggggatatgtg
agattccatgcgtcaagaataaaagaaagaagacagcaacgactcgcctctcgacggtttggtacgagtg
gtacacacgcgagccgcgtctatggatgtctgaggcttctcggcagcgagtctccaactctagaaagacc
gtcgccttcatgaagctgttcctcgacggcgggttcactctagatgagaacgtggagagcttcaaggcag
cagtgatggtttatggagagcgcgcagaagcgggagttgctgagttccttgcgcaccgaggaattgcgtc
gcgtggagcagggtcagtcttaaagcatatgcgcgatgctcaccgcgaaggagctctaaacgagaggatc
gtggcgtacaaggcgttgcttgcgactgaagctatcacggatccgtctccgctgaagtcacaaaacatat
tgcacacagtataagacaaaaagtaatacattccattacactgttgatccagtaagcgctttcggggaac
aagcacacaactggtgtcaccactgaaagcaagatgtttgcaatgaagagctgccaaatccagccgattt
ctgttcgggagacatgaagatggaccccaacattgtaccaataatgaaaccagttccgagcaacagcatc
gacttggctcgaagttcccgtgtggagatttcgtaaatgtaaatggcgatactcggtagcagaatccsga
tagataatgccgttccatggaacaataatckctctccttgtgtggtgaccggctgatcaacaccatcgga
gagctgataacatgcctccacaaacaatcgtcagacgtcttccgaaaaagttgwagaatccacccaagac
agcagccattacagctgcgaaatagaaatagtaaggtgttcgttccwtctcctgcktcattgtccaaaat
wtcacaattggccgcgtaactgatgaaagcctgggctgctttttaggacagacatgacggaaattatccc
tccaaagcgactgcctcccaaacaccaccgaggaaagctccccaggagaacgcatactgagatgaggctg
aaatgatctgcaagaatcctttggtcgtacatcattctcgtttgcacgagttcaaaaatggaattccaga
catgataaacagcggaacgatcatgatgaaacacatcatacagtcgaaaaagaaggccaattcttggaag
attgtggtgtttgcgatgggagtcgactggaagctgtacatgcgagccatcccattgattgcataaggta
cggagatataaccgtagaataaagatgcagctccctaaattawggcggcgmctctcgcgcaggacaattg
taaaacgatttakaattatgagatagtttgagctcactttgccaccagmcgatccatccaccattcatts
tagcttccacaktattgtwattctcatcagcgtacatccaagtcgccaakacatgaskatcgkctttttt
tctakagatcaaagccatccgwattcacckmtcwattagcggaagaaaccacggcattcacawccaacac
gcttggcataaagtagcacagtgagtagcttattagmgtccwgcttwatagctcctwaacagtagaccct
wccktaatagtagacctcttgmwatgccmgagccmgtgtcgkaacckaamccttgtcggagttttcmtgg
tatgg
>CryptonS-2_HAra	CryptonS	Hyaloperonospora arabidopsidis
tatggataaataacattaaatctccgaccgcacttgaataacgtattgattgtattgaccaatagtgtga
gcgtagtgatataaaaccctttttagcgagtcaaattgaacaaaggcaatatttataaccaatcagagag
tagatggacaagtaaagctctcgcagctacctctccgacgtatcaggtcggagagagcagtgctgttatg
gatatcactatacaaacaccaagtcattcgcatattttaaaaataacacccaagctccgacatctccgac
aaaaggtaactcaatcgcatattttacaaacaacatccaagcttcaacatctccgccgaggatgagtctg
accgacctagcacctgccaacacgaagcgtgcccgtgagaacgcagcgcgctcatttttgaagttcctcg
aggaagaagaggttacttgggagtacctgcgacagtgcatgcagcgcgagagggcacctctcgccttaga
agctgtgatggacaagtttggcatgtatctcgcgttcaaggagggccgaaagggacagctcttagctcga
cactcggtcatgcagtactttcgacaagccaagaattggctgctggagcagttcccacagcatcgagcag
tggttgaaaagaatttgctcaagaagggacagacgctcgaacgccattgcatgaagcgtgagtcagggtc
gtttgtgaacaaggccccagcatgcacaaagtctgctctcaagaaaatgatggattacttgtattcaact
gcggttactagtgctgactaccaagatgcggcgctgttgtgtctgctttggtttctctttgggcgtgcat
cggacctcacaatgctgcggaaggctaacctgtctatcggctcgggcgacatattcttcgtccgtttcat
ccgaatcaagacttctgaagagcaaggtctatcactcttccctgacgaagacttcaccacatgtcctctg
cttgccatagcgctcgccctcgtgacccactcatcgccaactatatccgtgctgagtcaacttcctgagc
agatggctatttcacagtccatattagctccagcaactccgctcatcgatttgctcgatcacccagaggt
tgtggtgtcttcaccggatataccgtccaccgctgctaagaaggagaacagcccagataccgctcctggt
gtgcacagctacgtcaaccgtgttcttgatcgggtcgctgcaaaagctggcgtatccgagcgcttgacat
ctcactcttttcggcgcggaggggcgcagcatgcaaatggggctggattgtgtgtacagtggatcttcga
ccgaggcgcctggaatatgacagcgacgaataaggccttcgcgtacgtctttaatacagcttccgaagac
cataaggttgcccgggtcttgagtgggcgacaccccgataccgacgtctctctcctatcacttgatgtct
tcgactccggtacgcagacaaagatacaaactgttgcgacagcgctcttcaatgcatctcacgggctcat
gactacacaatacaacgtgaacgaaagagtgattgaaacgcttatcacttacctgctgcttcattatcca
tcgttgaagcagctcaagaaagacggacttgtagtcacacgtttggaagcgtgtgtaatccagcaaggtc
actccgtcagcgatcttctagcttggtcttcacatctaacctgctacacgaagacaagtatgcaaccaaa
tcccatcaaggctcaagacagcacgatcgacatcacaaagcatccaatatatcttcgtcaagcttcattg
attgaacagttaatcaaggtcaaccaaatgctcgaatctcgcgtctcgatgattgaagctgaggtctaca
acaaagcacacccaaaamctacacatgaaagaagtgaggataaaagcaaagaaccaccagccaaacgtcg
ccgaacgagttcgtcaacaaacctgaaggacgtctggttctcctggtatacccaggaaccccgcctctgg
gattcgtttgatagctcgagcaagcacacgaaatccaccgccaaacttgtcgctgcattcatgaagctgt
ttcttgctaatggcttcgtgcttgatgagaagtctccgcagtatcgagacgatgtgttggagtttggcga
tgtcgccgaaatgcagttactttcgtttcttggcgagcacaacatcaaagcccgcggagcacaaaacgtc
ctcaagtccatgcgcaagctgcacaaagctggtcatctaaacaaacacatccaacgatacagacaacttc
aagccgccgggcgcattgtagatccagcacctgcgcatactacaaacatcatcggatcaattgtcacccc
gcagtacccatagatgttggtcttcacgccattgtataccggctgagtgataccgcactaaagaatgagg
aatacaacaagtacatatgaacaagatcggcgagacgcgttagctcgtccggactctcatgatacagcgt
atatacaggatagtacaataatccatttcacccttaagcgtcggtgtcagctcgctcaaaatgttcttgg
acatgacagaatcgtatcacgtgccggcgtgtaattgtcgtgctagaaggtcgagctctccgtcatcgtg
tacactttcttccggttatcatacatcatgtacggattgagctcgcacatggtcttcttattgtcgctgt
agtccgactggaagtatccgacaccgttcttgcttgcgacgccagtcgtggtcagagctacaagcacgca
tcaatactcaatgattagagccgatcttccgaccgaccacatgcatattcaccactttaaaagcttactc
ttggtttcaacgaagttggcgacttctgtggtctacccaaacacgttgccacccacgatctcgtaggtca
ccccttctccttgttcattcacttggcctacacgcacgaaacaggatcgttgtcaactttgttatcttca
caacattttacactctccctcttctccctcsttacattgtagaacatgcgctggttcccgtagcagtcac
tatttttcacgcccttgtcgcaaacaaactctctacacatgatcggacgagaatagccgaccttcgcgta
ctccgacatgagcttcttcagcccggaaggatgcgagtacttgacgtgggtcgttggatcgcactcgacg
tacgggttgaagcccatccttttcacgcagccacaaaaagaacgtcaaacatagtgagcaacctgccacc
cacccatccacccatctaccgcactacatccactgcagtcacagcatccactgaaaaggctccatcaact
attaactcgtcatacgtacagcacgcgtattctcatcgtcgtcgaccgaacaatcgtagtatacgccatc
cactgcttgcggggcggaatgtcggcaatgtcgagaccgatgggcacctgacacacggaccccgagcagc
tagcagcttaaccacgtgtgtcacgtaataccatcactgatgcccagcgttttgtcgaacacagcaaccg
cgctgtacaccatttacgcacgggaaaacgggtcatccggatagcacatgggcggcaggtagtccaacat
gtagctgcttacctgtcattgaatacaacataactatcaattcgcagtcaagtacgtgcgtatggatata
catggacacgggtgacgtacgcagcaaacgcgttgtgcatcatttacgcacagatgaacaggtcgtcgaa
acagcacatgggcggcaggtagtccatcatgtagctgcttacagacctgtcattgaatacaacataacga
tcaattcgcagtcaagtacgcgcgtatggatatacatggacacgggtgcacgtacgtatacattgaagca
ccatcatgtataactcgtccacagtccacatgtcgtggtagattaacacgttggcacaactcacgatgaa
gtgaatcagatcagcacgtataatcctgctttcgagcacgcacacatggacaatcaatttgcctcaatca
atcatattttaagctcccctgtccacctataataattacaaaatgcacacaaaattgcacactattacac
aatttcgtactggctttgtcccggtcggagcgtgtcggaggtcggagatttcatggtatgg
>CryptonS-2_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggtagaatatgaagttttatcggacctcacttatattttgtattggtatcttacagccaatgatata
attttgctgtggtactaaccaatagctttcaagatgataatgctatttaaccaatcaaattgaatagggg
taggcgagtcctctacgccagccgatcggacgtatcacgtccgatcgatccgcaaaatatgtgtatgcgt
atccaaactctaagtcattgacatatcacttgcatattttgcttttatcggaccagtggatcagtgacat
gggcttagacgaactacagcctggtaacaccttgcgggctaaggcaacagccatcggtgcgttcgtcaaa
ttcctcaaagaagaggaagttgaacaggaatacataaggaagtgcattgatagtgacgagagcggaaaaa
tgttcgtgtgtgtgatggataaatttggtatgtatcttgcattcaaggaaggaaagaaaggtaaaccaat
agctcgcaacactgccatgcagtactatcggcaagcmaagctttggctgctcgaccagttccctaagcac
cgagcttcattggaagcccggttgctgaaaatgggaaagacactagacagcttctgtctgaagcgagatg
gtggtgggctcgtagcgaaagcaccaccttgtacgaaagatgatttgaaaagaatgatgttgtatttgta
cacttatgctagctcagaaagtgactatcaagatgcaactttactatgtcttctctggtacttgttcggt
cgcgcgtctgacctagccatggtccgcaaacacaacatgtcagtggacgcaggcgacgtcttcttcctgc
gcttggttcgcgtgaagacgtctgaggagcaggggctgtcgctctttcctgatacggaattggctacgtg
ccccttgctctccattgcgctcgccttgatcctccaagccgccccaggmccagccctcgtcagcaacctc
ccagaacaagcaggcttcgcaggctccacgctttctcccgacgtcccgctgatcgagctgctcaacgctc
cgcaagtcacaactggtcttgccgctccagcagctccgccgcgcgttgccacagcccctacagtatacgc
gcacgttaaccgggtgctagaccgtgtagcgtctgctgctggtgtggatgtcgccttgacatcccactcg
tttcgaagaggaggcgctcagcacgcaaacggctgcgacgagatgactgcacgctggatctttgacagag
gctcctggaatctaagcacaacgaacaaagggttcaattacattttcaatacaagcaaagaagaccacaa
gatagcgaaagtactcagcggatacaaacccagaaccgcggtgccgctgcaagacttgactagctttgac
acgcagacgcgtsaagcgatggatcgggtgcagcgtgtcctgtttgctacctgcttcgagctcaagaccg
acagcctaaacatcaacaagaaggtgatggatgtcctcaccgcacgcgtcttccgtcacttcccgctact
caaagacctgaaccccacaagtccagctgtgacgcgcatcgaagcggctgttgatcacgctggatgctca
ccagccgagctgctcgcttggtcctcgcacctggcaaccccatccgctacctgcgaagacaccaagacag
gtaatgcagcaacccacaacgacgacgaacagccaagagaatcaagcgagaamcagaagaccatcgacca
ccaagcggctgtgattaagcactttatggagcacatcaagcgacaggacgctcgcatagatgcactcgaa
gctaagcaaaacagcgagcctacaccaagaaaacgaagctgtccagaggaaggcacagatgacgttagca
cgctaagcaagaagcagcgccggggatctccaactcaccttcatgctacctggtttgcgtggtacgctca
agatccacgctggtacgcwctggcgccaaaacaaaagcggtcgagagcgaagttgctggtagccttcatg
aagatttttcttgaagacggctttgttcttgaccaagatgctgacgactatcgtgactgtgttcttgagg
tgggcaagaaagcagaggaagccgtacttaccttcctaagtggcgagaagaagatcagctcgcgtgggtc
gagcgccgtccttaagcacttgcaggctcttcacagcaagggagacctaaacgacagaatcaagcgccac
caaaamctcctccagtctgcagccattcgcgatcccgctcctggctacacccaagacgttttagaagtta
aggattagcaacaggaacgcwtagctagcgaattcatcatacacgtttsscataacgcacacagcgtaac
cacatcttactwagcccagataccgaagcaggtagagcaccacgcctttagccactagcccstgacgagc
ctccacctcacaatcaaaaagatggcgacggctggatttgaaccagcgtcctcaaggcagagccctgtgc
tcttccactgagctacgtcgtcgttgggtgagggggtgagttkgggtgaggtgagatgaggtgcgggggg
ggggctgtggaggagggggggggggctgaggagcgagagcctgagctgtggggcttgagcggtcgagttg
gaggtctgcgtagttgggcgaaaaaaattaagactgagcgtagaggcctcgttgtcgggacccgttttgt
gtgttttgagctctgctaggctgtgagccacaggttgggtgcgagtctaaacatattgaggtggcaggat
aggattggtgaaaaatcgaccaataagtgcgtacatctgtaactggctgtcgctggtgctcttaatagtg
gaccccgccacgaaaatcgggggctcattgttgaatttacctggctaagagcacatggctcctggtcgca
aaatgcatgtttttgtttttttagcttttctcagcccacaggcggtttcaggccatttccttgcgcctat
aaacatggttgaaattctcactgcagccgatccccatctcggggtgtctcccctacccccatgcagtacc
gcagctgtcagtaaaatgtacattcaaaagtgttcgtacggtgtttgtttttgcattttgtaccagcttt
gaggtacaggtccgatgggtccgagggtccgataaattttggtatgg
>CryptonS-2_PR	CryptonS	Phytophthora ramorum
tatggatgaataacaacgtctctccgaccaaacttcattttagtatggtgcatattagccaatgagactg
ttctttaattcgttttggcaaatcaaaaccatctctatagtttttggcgaatcaaatcacgttaccgatt
atattttatccaataaaaacacgattgtacgttgcagtcggaagctgagcgattccgacatatctggtcg
gagctgacgcccagatatgtgtatcgtgatacaagcgagaggtgtgccacgtatcactcgcatatttgcc
gcctctccgaccaagaacaatgagcctgaacgacttgaagcccgccaacaccaagcgcgcgcgcgcgacg
gccataaaggcgttcaatcgcttcctctccgccgagagcacgagcatggagcatgtcaaggctttgatcg
ttgccgacccaagccgcgcggggggcatcctagtgactctgatggacaagtttggtgtgtacctggcatt
ccatgcaggagcaagggggctgcacttgtcgcgccactccgtcgctcaatatttccgccaagcgaagtgc
tggctcctcgacgagtaccctgttcaaggtggagctgtggcccggcagctgctcagcttggggcgtaccc
ttgaacagcactgcatcaaacgcgagagcggtgggttcgtcaagaaagcggttgcatgcacgaaggatga
tctcaagaagatgacaagctatctgtattcaacggcctgttgtgcatcggactaccaagatgcagcactg
ctgtgtctcttgtggtatctcttcgggcgcgcttcggacctgaccttcgtccggaagcagcagctcacca
tcggtgctggtggcgtgttctttatccgcttcatccgcgtgaagacgtcagacgagcagacgctgtcgct
ctttcccgacgaagacttcatgacttgcccgctgctggcgctcgctctggccttgatcacgcaggagtcg
ccgtgcgcagcgctgctcaatamcttgccagtgcagtcgaaggacgtccctgttgagctgaccgactcga
tcccattgctggacctgcttgaagacagcggcgccctagattcttctcagacgtcgaagagaagcaccgc
cgtccacacgacaccgacagtcggggtccacgctcttgtcaaccgcttgctcgatcgtgttgttggccca
gctggagtcgaagagccgctgacctctcattcgttccgacgtggcggtgcgcagcatgcgaacgcgagct
cagagttgacggcgcagtggatattcgaccgcggagcctggaacttgaccacgaccaacaaagccttcgc
atacgtcttcaatactccaaaagaagaccatcaagtagccaaggtgctgagcgggatggcaccaaagcaa
gcctctgttcttccgtcgctggatgtcttcgactcggctacacaagaggatattcgagaggttagccgca
agctcttcaatgcaagtcatgcgctgggtaacaaggccttcaatgtctgcgccgctgtaagagatgtgct
gacagcaactatcttcctccactacccgtcgttgatgaagaccaacgcgcaggcgcctgcaatgaagacg
atccagcgctgtgctgtagcctctggtgtgacgacgacgagcctgcttgcctggtcacagcaactcacga
ggtcaaaakctcaagccaacaccaccgcagaagacctgatggaaggaaacgtgaaggccaaagttgcgtt
cgatcatcagactgctttgattgaacggttaatcgaggtcaaccgtagcctcgaggctcgagtcaactcg
ctagaagctgcaagcaccaacactgaagcaaaaacatcagcacatgatggtcaaaccaagcgaccaagag
atgaagatgaaagcgtacctgtgaagcgccgacgccgctcgaagacgataccacttatagacacctggtt
cgcatggtacactgccgttccgcgcggatggctaagcacgaacaagcacaagaaatcagacgccaagcag
cttgttgccttcatgaagctcttcatcgaagacggatacacgctcgacgagtcatcgcccagctacaagg
ataacgtccgccatctcggagagttagcgtcaagcaaagtcactgcgtacctaggcgcgcgaggcgtact
gtcaaagggatccaacgctgtactcaaggcgcttcggcagctgcatcgcgagggaagcctcaacgacctc
atcaacgcctatcatcagcgtcttgccagcgacagaattgtagaccctgcacctatccatcaacaaggca
cactcaagctgctcccgtaacgcaatacgatcccctttcccgcgtccttgtagtcggtgcttgcgttgat
gttaggtctgcagcagtcattcgagcatagaaactttaccgatgggtggaatcgaaccaccttcttccct
ttcgggagctcttccattgagctacatcggtgggggttagacaacaacatcgcaggggtactcgtctgga
gtgctcgacggggaattaacggtgatccacagttcttcgtggccgcgacaaccctctaaggtgaccgatg
ctcggtacccccccccctcaattcaccgcgccgggtggtcaatcgagcactgagctcgcatggcaaaatg
gcgcagcaaaattgcacgtacgccactcatttacgaggcgtaattacgtctgccacctatcaatgagcca
atcatttgagaggatgtatttttacgaaacctccacaacctggtgcgatataaagttttgcgatacgtcg
gatgctggtcggagttgtactaacggtcggagtcgtgacgatatgg
>CryptonS-2_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggatgaatatagtggtctttccgacagataagagaccaggattgtttcatggtcgtctctatagaaa
taacagcctatcatattctgacttggagtaatttcagccaataaaatcaactaggggtagggaaatcctt
tccgacacttccctacatatatttgtcggaatcctaggctgaatatgtatataatcatactgaaacccag
tacaaaaaatattttcaaaatattttggcgattcagacaactaggcaaattcctactgtaggcataactt
attctaggtagcgagacaccggtggacagccaccagtgtcaatattgcataacgaaagtgtcctcgcggt
catcatgagcctctctgtgtttgtgcctacaaacacccaaaaggcgcgaacgacggcgattaacgcgttc
gagagaatgctagaggtcgagggtgtgagcatggaattgtttcgtgcaagcatgcatacagacccctcgg
gcaaacgcttggctgccacaatggaccgcttcggctattatctcgccactaatgacggtaagaaaggtaa
gctagctcgtaacacagctacatcgtactatagaaacgtcaagctgtggctatttgatgagtttccacac
ctgcgtttacccacggagatgaacttgttaaaacaagggaaaactctagataagcactgcttaaaacgtg
agaaaggaggactcgttaacaaagcgccgccatgtactaaagaggacttaggttctctaattcgctatgt
ctacagcacagcacgtgtcaactcggactatcaagatgctgcgctagcctgcctcatgtggcactgcttc
ggccgctcgtcggacctaggctacctgcgcaagcaacatgtgtcagtgtcagcggacggcgtcttctacc
tgcggctcctccgcgttaaaacggctgaagaacaagggttaacgctcatacctgacaaggaggacttcct
gacatgcccgcttcactcgctcgcggtagctctcgtcatgcaggccgcgccctgcgcggctctgttaagc
cagctccctgagcttgttgcgacgagcgaggagccgctagaccccggtgtgccactgcaggccttgctag
aagcagagccagctacgctcagggtcgccctgatgccaccctcgcctgctgtcgccgctcccgttcccgc
gccaagtcccgtgccaagctgcagctcaagtccccaacctgcaagcacagaagcgcaagtgagtagtaca
acgaaggccagcgctggggagaagacgcgcggtgaagacggtgttcaggcgtatgtcaaccgcctcctca
agcgcgttgccgagcccgcgggagccacgaccgacttgacttcccactccttccgacgcggcggcgctca
gcacgctaacggagacgatcgccttgccgctcagtggatcttcgaccgcggtgcatgggacatgagcaag
gtcaacaaagggttcgcctacgtgtacaacacgccgcgggaagaccggaaggttgcgcgagtgctgagcg
gttgggaggccgacgcagctcctgttgtccttgatgctgcggcgctggatcatggagctcaagagcgtct
ggcatccttgcgcgaattcctgttcagcacctgtactggactcaaggaacacagcctcaacgtaagcagc
aaggtcctcaccgtcctcacggcatacctggtccgctactacccgcagctaaaggcgctggctccggatg
ccccgattgttgagcgcgtggaagagtgcttggcctccgcggggatctcgacagctgacgtgctcgcatt
gtcggtggcgctcaacgaacaagcttcacctgctgaacctgttgcagaacaagcacacgaatccaagacg
cactcatgccaagtccatcatcaccttctagctgtcattgatgagcttatcgcctcgaaccgagccctct
ccgcgcgtcttacaatcgtggaggctgcgcaactaaagtgtaagcgaaaacaagtacccgatgaggagcc
acagacacaagatacgtcagatcaagagccaaaacccaagcgcagaaagaaagcaacgaccaacctgtcc
agcgcgtggttcgaatggtacacgcgggtgccacgcgtctgggactccgccgaccgccagaagaagtccg
agtttcgccacgtcacggcgttcatgaagctcttcttgagcgaaggcttcacgctggaccccaaggcgcc
ggactacaaggatcaagtcctggacgctggccgtcgggctgagaaagccgtgcttgccttcctgaagtcg
cgcaacgtcaacgccaagggggctggaagcgtcttgcgtgcgctgcgcccactscacaagaatggcgtct
tggacgagcgcattgccgcatacaagacgctacgcgctgtcggtagaatcgttgatcctgcgcctacaga
gacacaagacgtcttagccactgtaggtcacgtctaagaaggttagataacaccgctacttcacaaacgc
attcatgcaccagcactaccggcacaacacgcacgcacgcctcaccaaccacgcacacaggaggaacagc
agccgaggcacgccgcagcagcgaggcacagaagaagggtcacgcaggacgagcagccgtcgcaagcccg
gtgcggtagcagcacgacgcagcagcagcacggcgcagcagtcggagacmcgaaacggcagcaccgagtc
accgcacgacgcaaccccaacgccaatcttgatcgataacaccggcctgaattgaacaggcacctcaggg
ccgaagccctgcgctctatccattgagctacggtgttggkgcccaggggagggaggcgggggggggggct
gcgactggctgattggctggccggcgatgctgtcgaggctgacggggctgaatcttggtccggaggcttg
atcccgagctctgaaaaaaagcagactgagggcgcgcgccgtgtgtcggcgactggcagccaccaaattt
tcgttkggacaggcggcgaatgctgattggctgaaggctgtaccaatcaacactctttattgcttaaagg
ccctgattggccaatgaattagccaatgatatgccgtggggggatagctaccgccggactgcttctaatt
gtggcccctctacctgggtgccggcctcactaatgaatttgccggctcctgtgcacattgctccggggcc
aaaatgcgccaatacacaaaatgtcgattttctcggcccagaggcgatttcctcgcggctgtgagcaccg
catgaaagctgactggaatcggtcaagtggccccctagacctactctaccgtacacatgatctaatttcc
gattttacattaattccgattttgccctggctttgacaaacttcctagttgtcggaata
>CryptonS-2_PU	CryptonS	Pythium ultimum DAOM BR144
taatgaagcttatgccatctttgtcaccagcwacttctctccgcgtctatcattggacaaaaatagtcaa
tggaagaccacgaaggtgcgaacttactcagagctatacaaactttaaatcagtgaagcgaacctacgac
tgactcgaacttaaggtttgatcctaattgtgaagcgacgcatacgccccccccccaacagaacagaaac
ttacacgacgagaagacacatggagcttcaaagcgcagccctgcaacgaactggcgcacgtactgagcaa
cagcgcagaacggcaaaaaaacatttcagtcagttcatccaagaacatggcgaagagaaagtccgtggat
tttcgtgcgattccatcccccctcaatttgtgacgcctcagctcattgggtgcttcggatcatatttgtt
tatgaaaatggacaaagtgagcgctgctcaaagctacctcagccagataaaatcgtactttgacaccaag
tggcaagataacgtcgagtggatcttgcatccgtccagatccaacgataagtggtacagcgacattcgct
ccggggtcagaagaatgtacataaatcgagccattgcagaaggcagcgctctcgtagatcaagcgccgcc
aatgtatcgcgactctcttcggcagatttgcgcaatgctggtcgccaacaacaccagtatgtcactgaga
gagcgcgacttgcttgtcacacaatggcattgcatgggacgagcagttgaaactggcctgaggcactcgt
caatgaagttcgtacctaagccgataggtgcattgcaattcatagtgggcaggtcgaagacaaatgttca
ccaacatgtccacgcgttttgtgatcgtgaatcgtgggaggccgacatctttcatgcaaaagcaagtcat
ttagctacgtgcgcgaatgtcgatgacgagttccaatttcgaaacgtgacggcaaagatgatcaacacga
ttctatcaaatgtatgtggacaagctggagcagaagaactatcaaagtttaccagccactcaggaaggcg
tgggtgtgcatccgaggcactctcacataacggcgtcagcgttaccgaagtcatcgcgcgagggggatgg
gcatttgacgctgtgagtcgagtgttcttatacttttgtgggcgcgataacggagatatgcgtgttggca
gagttgtcgcaggatggccggagacggacaaaggaggcacaccaccaaatgccaactcactaaccgaggt
tgatcgaacgagctttcgagctctggccatggaactttacaagcagtatctcagcttttacgacgcgtcc
atactcgaggttctgactgcgagtttagtcatgtactacaatgacgtcaagcataaatgggctaagatgg
atcgagaagacgtgttgctcctacttaccagtattgaggcggctgcatgcagggtaggagtttccaagca
cgacctctcaaattggtcaacgacgctccgtaatcgttggatagttgacaacttgccatggttgccgatc
gagcagcaagcagaaaccgcaacaaaagacgatcatgagattcggattggcacatactcgttccacgacg
tattgacccggcaagcaagtgtccagcaccaatcaacggtgatgttggcaaaactacagcaagcaattga
aacacaaaatacattgattcaacaaatgggaacacaaatcgcagcgatgtcaacagagttgcagctattg
cagagatctcatcttgcgcttgccatgcgctttgacacgggtgttgcgaaagccgcgccggcaatctgtt
cacaccaagcacacgacgcaacagctcatccaccggcaaacaaagmttcttgttcttcatcggccaactc
tacccgctcgtttgctcagtcgctgaaaggcgtgcgtgcaagttcgttgttcatggagtatatgtgtaat
cgctggtatgctggtatgcctgctggaaataacgaagtcgtcagaaaaatcaagctgatagtagaacgag
tgaaagatttcttgcctgctgggacggtgcttaccgacccaccgcctgcgggtagctcacacttcaagca
atggtacgtcgagctcgaggaaagtgcaaagttgtcagaacgcagcatgatttcgtatatcgaccaaatc
aggacgcttcctcggaagcgtgaacggaatcaattgtttgcgcacttggtgtccaaggatttagccaacg
ccacggctcgagaagattatccaaagaggcagtgcctagacaacatgacatwtggtacaaacgcataagc
catatcgcgttaaataaatacttcattgcatattcgatatgttgaccgaccgctcaaatactcatcgtcg
cattcttcgcaccagaaggaaggtgatcaacgccatgcaaagagctatctttccagacgagaggcgggtt
gggcggctctcgtaacattttacccgcgagcttttgctcctgcagcacgttcacattcacagactctaaa
aaaaatggcaccctcgcgcccaaccttctcacattatggtcgcgttgcgcgcgctcctcttgttgtcgca
agcacggtcaccacgcgctgcatccaatgccccaatatcatttagcgcatacacatgctcacacaatggt
ccaaacaacagatagatagcagcatttgttgttgtcattttgttcaatcaaacacacggtgacaaacaat
ttgaaataacgcttgcttatgttgcgttttgtaaagaaagtcgtgatcgcagaattatacgccaattttc
accgacagccttttcaatgattggcttctttcggccaatcagagtttcagaatccggtgaaaaacggtga
aaaawacgtataatg
>CryptonS-3_HAra	CryptonS	Hyaloperonospora arabidopsidis
tatggatgaatatcgtcacttctccgacctgacttagtgtttgtaagcgacggacgagcgaatagaatta
tagcactgtatttatatccaatcaaagagaatatgaacatgtttttggccaatataaaacgtgtaggggt
aggggagtagggtacgcctgccgctccgacgtattgggtcggaggagaacgccagatatgtgtatgttaa
tacaaaacttaagtcacgggtgtatcaatagcatatttgcgtgctgtccgacttcagatgattttgccga
tctgcagcctggaaactcgccaaatttgtgtatgtcaatacaaaccccaagtcaagggtgtatcatttgc
atatttgcgtgctgtcggacttcagatgagtttagccgatctgcagcctggaaactccaagcgagccaga
gcaactgctgtgaaggcattcttgcggtttctacagtctgagaatgcaaatctagagtatgtcaagggct
gcattcagcgggacgaatctgggcagtgctttgtgtctgtaatggataagttcggtatgcatcttgcatt
tcacgaaggcagagctggcaagccgcttgctagacattcttgcatgcaatactaccgacaaactaagcat
tggttgctagatcagtttccgcagcagcgtgctatactagactcacggctactcaaaatgggaagaacac
tagagaactactgtgtcaagagagaaggtggcgggtttgtaaagaaggccaatgcgtgtacgaagactga
cttgaggcggatgatgtattatttgtatttaaatgcatgctcgtctagtgactaccaggatgctgctttg
ctgtgccttctttggtacctatttgggcgtgcttcggacttgacgctcgtccgcaaacagaatgtctcga
tcgatgcgagcgacgtgttcttcgtacgcttcattcgtatgaaaacgtgcgaagagcagggactctccat
cttccccaccgacgatttcgccacgtgcccgctgcacgccatcgctctggcacttatcacacaggcagcg
ccgtgtgccgacctcctcgacaatttacctgctcaaccagtgaacaccgcagtcagattcggccctgaga
cgccgcttcttgacgttctcgaccacccggaggcttcctgcggcctccaatctgctgctgcctcaggtaa
agacatctcaccgacaatccacagccacgttaatcgcctcctcgaccgcgtcgccactctagctcgagtg
gagcagcagctcacgtcacactcgttccgtcgtggcggtgcgcagcacgcgaacagctgcgcgcaactcg
cggcgcgttggatcttcgaccgcggcgcctggaacgtgagcacgacaaacaaagcgtttaattacgtatt
caacaccatgaacgaggaccacaaggttgcgaaggtgttgagcggctggaagccgaacaaatccgtttcg
ctcgccgacttaaggctcttcgacgctcagacgcaggacagtatacgcgaggtacaggcgctgctcttcg
cgacctgtcagagcctcagcgcaaagaagtacaacgtcagccagcgcgtcatcgacgtgctaacggcgta
cctgattctgcatttcccgcttcttaaagaggcaaaccccaacggaccagctgtaaagcgcttggaaact
tgcgtactggagtctggtagcacccttgccgatttgcttgcgtggtccacgcatctcgccacggctacct
gtacagaggtacatatagaagaagaagaagaagaagaagaagaagaaccagcaaacaagccaagcacaga
gtctgaagaacgcaaaatcattcgccaccaagcttctgtgattgaacactttatccagaatgcaaaacgc
caagacgagcgcatggatgcgctcgaagctaagctcgacgaatcgcggaccttaataaaaaacaagcgca
gagaggaggatgaaaacgtcagcaaatctacaaagcacagaaagcagtcgtcgttaactcaccttcactc
agtgtggttcgagtggtacgcgcgtaccccgcgcttatggagcgcccacggagagaagcagaagaagtcg
gactcgaagctgctcgctgctttcttgaagctgtttctcgagacaggcttcacactggacgagcaaatgc
cgacgtaccgcaacgacgtgttggagctcggcttgcagtcagaagcaaatatcttgaagttccttggcga
gcgcggtattcattcgaaaggcgccaatgctgtcctgaagcagatgcgcgcgctccatcgagccggcgag
ctgaacggcaaaattcagcgctaccgcagtcttctctggtctggcgcgatcgttgatcctgctcctggct
tcacacaagacattcttgaagaagtgtaaagcaaatcaattagactcacacgcatctcattactttcatt
cataaattcgtaataaaaaacacattcgcacgtacagaagcagaagctagatgggtggtctaactcagac
actgaaagagctaccactgcgagtagcgcacgcgcagcccgcgctcgttcacgaccgcaaattctcgacg
tcgtagacggcagctgtccttggctcgttacggtaggcatcaatgcgttctgtgtcgtttctctttcgcc
ttgcaagccatcgtgcggatgagcgtgttggccaactgcctcaaggcgacgtacaacgctgagcaaaaaa
agatgggtggtcacaatttcgatacataataagtacgacgtacctaatgtgtacctattgtacgatacgt
cggagggtcggacttttcatggtatgg
>CryptonS-3_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatgattagctatcggaccatacttaatttttgtatgacctctgggcacctataaatggc
caatcacatcatttctacgcatttcaaccaatggccgaagcttcactcaacatttttgtccaataatttc
gcctagggttaggtgagtcctctaagccattcgatcggacgtatcgagtccgatcgcagctcaaaatatg
tatatgccaatgcaaatagtaggtcagacacgtaccactcccatatttgcacagcatcggacggaagcga
tgggcctggacgagctccagcctggcaacactttgagggccaaggctacagcgttatctgccttcaagaa
atttctgaaggcagagggcgttgcagaggagtacgtaagaaaatgcattgagcgcgatgtcagtggaaga
tgttttgtatctgtaatggataagtttggaatgcatcttgcatttagtaaaggcaaaaagggcaaacctt
tagctagaaatactgccatgcagtactatcggcaagccaagctttggctgcttgaccagtttccccagca
tcgtgcgtctttagagacccgattgcttaaaatggggaaaacgcttgacagcttctgtttgaagcgcgag
ggtggtggtttcgttaacaaagcacctccatgtacgaagtccgatttaaaacaaatgcttgtatatttgt
ataccaatgcttcctgtgatactgactaccaagatgctgctctgctttgtcttctttggtacctcttcgg
ccgcgcgtcggacttgtcgatgctgcggaagcggaacgtcagcgtcgacgcgggcggcgtactcttcttg
cgtctgatcagggtgaagacgagcgaggagcaggggctctcgcttttcccggacgaggagttcctcacgt
gtccgttgctggccttggctcttgccttgattgtccagcgagcgccctcggatgacttggtcggcaacct
tccccgccaagaaaccttgacaacggccacgatctccgacgatgtatcgctcgtcgagctcctgaatgcc
cccgccgcgccatcgacactctctgtcccagccaccaaaggaacgccgtcgacgccgacggtgtactcgc
acgtcaaccgcgtcttggagcggatcgccccagctgctggcgtcacgaaggcactcagttcgcactcgtt
tcgccgcgggggagctcaacacgcgaacggctctgagggattgacggaccgctggatcttcgaccgaggt
tcctggaacatgagcacaacgaacaagggtttcaactacatcttcaacacgagcaaggaggatcacaagg
tagccaaagtcctcgcaggatacgaaccgaagacgaaggtgaaactccaggacctcagcagcttcgactc
ccagacacttgagcagatcaagcgcgtacaggacgtgatgttcatgtcctgcagcaacctcgcaacctcc
agcttcaacgtcaacaagcaggtcgtggacatcctgactgcggccgtcttccgatacttcccgctgttga
aggagctgagccacagcagtccagtcgtcacgcgggtcgaaggtgctgtgcgaagcggtggaagcacgct
ggcggatcttcttgcttggtctgcgcatctctcgctagcagccgaaccctgtaacaacaagcaaactccg
gagaacgacactacccaccaagcacagcaaacgaaggagcagaagatcatcgatcaccaagcttctgtga
ttaagcacttaatcgacatgtcgaagcggcaagacgagcggatggacgctctggaggccaagctgaacaa
cgatcctgtcctgaccattaagcgcaacaagccaagtgaaaaagagggagagcaagaagtcagcacacca
aagaagaagcagcgcaggagtggggcaactcaccttcacgccacttggtttgcttggtatgcccatgagc
cacgatggcacgcgagcgagcccaagcgacagcgctcgaacgcgaagctgctggttgcgtacatgaagct
gttcttggccgacggatttgggctggatccaagcgctgtcagctaccgcgacgacgtccttgccctcggt
ttgcgcgcggagaaagaagctctctccttcctggctcagcataagatcgcgtcgcgcgggtccagttccg
tcctcaagcatctccaggccctgcacaaggctggcgcactcaaccgccaaatagagcgccaccagcgtct
gctccagtcggcagctatccaagatcctgcacccggctacacacaagacgtcgttgagttagttggttag
atgcatcactagcacagcaaacaatacacgttagtcaacctttgaacaacgcaaaacaacacgtattatt
tgtcagacwatcagaacaaagagtagggacaaaccgcactgcagcaggggaggggggcacgagcgcgggc
agcagcatgagcagcaggcgcggcacaaacacggggtcagcagcgtgggcaacaggcgcggcacgagaac
ggctgcagcagcgcgggcagcaggcgcagcacgggtgcggaacaacctccacccccagcagacgcgagga
gcgatgaacccagccggagttgaaccggtgtccaggacggatcctgcgctctaaccctagagcttctggg
tccgatgaacgggggggggggcggaggcttgccaggtacggagtgaaaaagaccgaatgagcgaagaagg
ctgttgtcggcacgacccttcagcttgtggccatccactggccacgtgtctttccaccttgtatgtggca
gcatctcattggtggattattagccaatagcggcaagcatcaatggctggctgaaaagcgaatgctttca
atagtggaccccgccgctggctcattgttaaatttaccggctcgagagcgcatggctctcggtcaataat
tgcatgttttcgtttttctcgtttttctcagcctacaggccgtttcagagcctgtgactgcgcctatcaa
cagggcccttttcatcgtttttcaggttgcaaagcatccacaccttcccaacctatctcccctaatcact
ttagtactacacaccaatgtatccatcccatcatgtaccactcgcttggtacaggtcctacaggtccgag
ggtccgatattttttggtatgg
>CryptonS-3_PR	CryptonS	Phytophthora ramorum
tatggatgaatatcatcaccgtgccgacatattwtttttactttgttaaagtattgacagaatggctgcg
atgactgcttattgaccaatgacatckagagacactmggcgccgaccaatgagggtaattaggtgtaggt
taamacgacgccgacgccgtgccgacgtataatgtaggcaccgggggaaaatatgctgascgccaatacg
aaccaccagttcacttcatatctctcgaatattcgcgctcctgccgacagaacactcsaactcagtatga
gcctccaagaccttgcgccagtcaactcccagcgcgccctacaaaccgctatcaacgcatttgggcgctt
ccttgcggcagaaggcgtctccatgggcttcatcgctgcctctctcatcggagatgcgagtggggctgtg
ttcgtgaagctcatggatcgcttcggtgttcacttggccttcgttgagggacgcgtggggaagccgctgg
ctaagaactccgtcatgagctacttccgccatgtgaagaactggctgctcgacacttacccgacacaccg
agctaccatcgagaagaagctgctcaagatggggcagacgctcgagcgccactgcctgaagcgagcggag
ggaggtatggtcaagaaggcaccggcgtgcacgaaggaggatctacggattcttatggacggaatctact
acgatgccgccagctccaaggactaccaagatgctgcgttactgactctgatgtggtacgcatttggccg
cgcgtcggatctcggattcgtggtgaagggaaacctatcggttagtgcagatggcattgtattcgttcgc
ttcattcgcgtaaagacggctgaagaacaaggcatctccctcttccccgacaaggacaacttcatcacgt
gcccccttcatgctattgcgatggcactggtgatgcaagatgccccatgcgctcagttgcttgatcatcc
gcatcttgccgcaagcagctacgagaatatgaccaaccccgtggagattcccctagccgaagctctcgtt
gcatgtgagaacttcgatgaaccaagcgagccgcctaagaagaagcaaaagcaacctgaagacaacatga
agatccacgcctacgtgaaccgcgtggtcaagactgcctcagccgttcaagcaaaagcgaagccaacagc
aaacttgacatctcactcgttccgacgcggtggagctcaacacgcgaacagtgaccctctactaagtgct
cagtggattttcgatcgtggctcgtggaacatgacggctactaacaaggctttcgcttacgttttcaaca
ctaccagtgaagaccagaaagtggcgcgtgttcttagtggctgggattccagcaagaaaccgccggtccc
tatgctctcctggtttgattccgccagccaccagcaagcactggaattgggaaatcttctattccagacc
agtgtcgccacccaagaccccgagaaaaagttgaatgctcgcgttgctgaagtcctcactgcttccgcga
tccagcattttccagaggtactggagcgctacccgatgtgcccgtatgcttcaaggatgcgtgaatgtct
gatgacgttggggatatcgaaagcgcaaattttagcgtggagctctgaactacaaggcaaggtcacacaa
aaggatctagaggaggctcaaggcgacggggaggcgtttacaagagaagaaaagctgatcaatcaccaaa
attgtattatcggggagctgatagctatgaaccaggccttaaccgagcgggtaggccaactggagcgtca
gggcgacgtgggtcaggggcaagcagccataagttcttcaggttcagcggtgacgcaacaaggagcttgt
accgatacacctcccgcgccaagatcgtgtgggagcaaggctcttcccaagggacctgcggcaatttggt
ttgagtggtacgcaaaaactccacgaatgtgggacgcgtgctcggatcggcagaagaagtcggcgtacaa
acaaaccgtcaacttcatgaagctcttcttaccaaatggwttcgagttggacmcgkcggcwcctgactac
tgcgaccaagttatacgtaccggggckgaagctgaagctgggttgtacaagtttttcaaagagaatggag
tcaaaagcaagcacggatcgtctgtactcaagcaactgcgmaagctctaccgagagagtaaactcgaccc
tcttgtagacgcgtaccgcgctcgtgttgctctgaacagcattacggacccagccccaggagagactcag
gagttgtttacacggaagtaggcactatatgaattgagctgggtagctatgattaatacatttattcggt
tacagtcatttttgtagctgaccacttwactccagtaaatacagattagatgcactctcatccactcctt
gtttgtcactttgattttcgcctccaagatctgaagtgaccaagtcaagaatgtccactataaacgccat
cgtaacgtacaaggaattcaagcatctgtgtattacgttcgccaaagcctccaagctccgtataatggac
gtgtccattcgaatgctacgcaactctctggtgcagacggttggctcgaaagagcgtattcctgaagsgc
tacgcgtaatcttcatgagcttacgagacaaatgcaaggacaagaacgacatcaagaaacgcggactagt
tgagattgatgacatcaacgaatggctcaccggaccatcagatggagcacacgctcagatcaatggcgtt
tacggtgtgaagcgccttcttcagcgtgtagtcattggaaggaaggcgtactatttggtggactgggagc
caaccttggaaccgcgggagaacatctcaaaggagctcatcgctgtcttcaaccgtgaacgtcgcgctct
ggtacgtaaaacgtatatcgaggacgaggctgaagaagacaatagctttaacaactcagctgacgcttaa
gctgttaataaaacaagatcattggcgaattcaacctttattacatgcgktaacatctgatcactcgtac
agcatacttaacggcaagtgtgaacactgcactacagtaagcttagctgagctttcagtgcctccacagc
aacaaaggtatcatcgcagaaatacccacggctggaatcgaaccagctcctccagcctattggctgggct
caaccatcagagcttcgtgggtgtgggcaaacaaattgcgtaatggcgagcaggaaggtctgcgcgtcca
ctcaattgtaaaacctcagtgataggtaaaaacctcagttgtggacacgtggctttacctgtgatatact
ggggaagtaccggtatcgccatgattgggcggttttcactctaatagtggaccccgtttttttatttgcg
tgctcattgttcaatttgccgtcaagtgagcacatcgttgggagaggtgttttttctaccaaaacagttt
tttttgcctttttctcgataaccagggcgtttcaggccctgatattatcaccatctmattgcttctctat
ttggatcctttacttctatatccgatcgggcatccaatcagatgggtaattgttgtgctgttgtataggc
ttacttttctgtgttctaatacataaatctgctactacctgattgggtgttattcgacaatttcgaccaa
taatttgagtgtcggcagctgtcggccgatgtcggcaccgtcacggtatgg
>CryptonS-3_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggataaatatcgtgacggtgccgacacaatttttttacttgatttaagtataggcagactgaccgca
atgcacgtatattgaccaatgacatctagatatacccaatatcggccaatgagcttgattaggtgtaggg
taaaacgatgccgacgccgtgccgacgtataatgtaggcacgggggcgaaaatatgcagggcgtcaatac
gagccaccagtctactgctcatcactcgaatatctgccctcttgccgacagaacactcggaaccagtatg
agcctccaagacctcgcccccgtcaactcccagcgcgctctacaaaccgcaatcaacgccttcggacgct
tcgtcgcggcccaaggcgtctccatggacttcatcgctgcctctctcgcagatgatgagagtggggctgt
gtttgtgaagctcatggaccgctttggcgttcacctcgccttcgtcgaaggccgaggagggaagccgctg
gccaagaactcggtcatgagctactaccgccatgtaaagaactggctgctcgacacctacccgacccacc
gagccaccatcgagaagaaactactcaagatgggacagacgctcgagcgccattgtctgaagcgcatcga
aggtggaatggtcaagaaggcgcctgcctgcacgaaggaagacctacgaattctcatggacggactctac
tatgatgccaccagccccaaggactaccaagatgccgcgttactggcgctgatgtggtacgcgtttggcc
gcgcctcagacctggggttcgtggtgaagggaaacctgtctgtgagtgcggatggcgttgtgttcgtccg
gctcatccgcgtgaagacttcagacgagcagggcatctctctctttcccgacaagaacagcttcatcacg
tgccccctgcatgcgattgcgatggccctggtgatgcaggacgctccgtgcgcacagctgctggatcatc
cgcaccttgccgcaagcggcgacgagagtatgacagcccctgttgacgtgccactagctgaagctcttgt
tgcctgtgagaacgacgacacgccaagtgagccgcctcagaaaaagcgtaaactgcctgaagaaaacatg
aagatccacgcctacgtgaaccgcgttgtcaagacagcgtctgccgctcaagctaaagcggtgccaactg
caaacttgacgtctcactcgtttcgacgtggtggggctcagcatgcaaacggtgatccactgctcagtgc
tcagtggattttcgatcgtggttcgtggaacatgacggctaccaacaaggctttcgcttacgtgttcaac
acaaccagtgaagaccagaaagtagcacgtgttctcagcgggtgggactcgagcaagaagccaccggttc
caaccctctcctggttcgactccgccagccggcagcaggcactgagcttgggaaatcttcttttccagcc
aagcgtgtgcacccaagaccccgagaagaagctcaacgcccgcgtcgctgaagttctaactgccgcgctg
atccagcattttcccgaggtactcgagcgctacccgatgtgcccgtacgctacccggatgcgcgaatgcc
tgatggcgttgggtttaccaaaagctcaagttctcgcgtggagctctgaactacaggcgaaggtggcaca
aaaggatctggaggaatctcaagacgacgcggaggcattcacaagagaagaaaagctgatcaatcaccag
aactgcatcatcggcgagctgatagccatgaatcgagccttgaccgagcgggtcacccaactggagagtc
agcgcgacgttggtcagggtgactcctccacaagtttgccggcaccggtggtggcaccacaatcgcattg
cgaggattccgctactgtatcgaagtcgtgtggaagcaaggctctcccgaaaggcccagcggctatttgg
tttgagtggtacgcaaaaacaccacgtatgtgggacgtgtgtgcggatcggcagaaaaaatcagcgtaca
agcacaccgtgaactacatgaagctcttcttaccaaacggcttcgcgctggacccgtcggcccctgacta
caccgaccaagttgttcgtaccggaattgaggccgaagccgggatgtacagatttttcgaagagcacgga
gtcaagagcaaacgtggatcagctgtactcaagcaactgcgcaagtttttccgggaaagcaagctcaact
ctctagtagacgcgtaccgtgctcgcgttgctgtcgctggcgtaacggacccagcgcccaaggaaacgca
agagctgtttacacggaagtagttgagttatagtttctaacgtggggctataataaatgttctgcaccgc
tacacattacacttcgataaatgtatagcgtacagcatgtagtgcgcgtttgactttcgtacgcaactgc
tggaacgccacagagcttcataatatcgatctactcttaatcagctcatgcatttgacaacatcttgcac
tgcagccgaggcggtgtgctaccactctgaatctttactgtagccattttaatagtaaaaaataagagtg
ttcctgtcttaaaggatattttatgattacccagaggttgcagattaaacaacggttttgtgtaaaagta
ggattttattgttggtagttaatcggctcgaccgcgtaaacacagcccagatcagcaaagaagtggcgta
atccgtcttcggtacttggcttgtagacgagctcgtccgagtcgatgaagtagtgcttgtcgcccaccgc
cgcgcgagcgatgcagtgccaggtaccctcttcttggccaaagggcctaccgatgatcacaaggtgccta
aaactagacctaggaatcttcttgaaccacctttgcgaactgcagttgaacgtgttggtactgttcaggt
accgcagctgatagcccttggcgcgaagcgcttcatgcagtgcttgcatagaatacgccccgtacttctc
atcgccatggggggctggcccttcttcctcgggtgcagccgcgttaagacgacgcacgattggcaccaaa
tcctcgacggttaaaaaacccgggtttgcaccgcattgttgatcgagtacaatccacagagagaatatct
ctcggatgtaccgctctgattctcacacattggaccgcccctagtccgtctacccacaatggattgcatc
tctgttcgtggaaggtctagcaaatcgccggacgtgaagagagacgcgcaccaaaaaaaaaactccccac
tcttacttagcactgacgtgaaatcgctagcaaatcgccggcggggtgagcgcaaaagcaaaagtgagaa
ggactgcatcgctgcatcgaaggcgacgagcgctaaccaaccgtgtaaatttcaatgcttttaatacagt
acagccagatgaactctcgaaaaatgagaaatgtattgcgtttttgtatgttacgcagcgctaatgctgc
tgttttaataaccaacatgcaaacgcttaagttggtaatagcggcagaa
>CryptonS-4_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatataatcagttatccgacctcacttaatttttatatggggcatgggggctcattatcgac
caattagcaatttgttattagctcgacccaatcgaaattcttcaatcttttattttaagccaatcagaat
gtggaagatgtggtaggtcctctacgccagccattctgacgtatcgggtcggaggcggacgaaaaatatg
tgtatccgtctacaaactccaagtgaaaggcatatcacttgcatatttgcagcccatccgtcttatccga
ccaggatgggcttagacgagctaaaacctggcaacaccaagcgtgccaaggaaacagccatcaaggtgtt
taagacgttcgtaaagagcgaagatgttgagtttgactatgttaagcaatgcattgaacaggatggtaca
ggtaattgtttggtgtctgtgttagataagtatggcatgtatcttgcatttaacgagggcaagaagggca
aaccacttgcccggaacacctccatgcagtactaccgacagagtaagatgtggctttttgagctcttccc
cgtgcaacggcacattgtcgaagcaaagttgcttagcatggggaagacgctcgaacgcttttgcatgaag
cgagacggaaaggtggttaacaaagcaccaccatgctcaaagaatgacttaagaaaaatgatgctgtatt
tgtatgagagtgcatgttcccctagcgactaccaagatgctgccttactgtgtctgatgtggcacctgtt
cggccgtgcttccgatctgtcgcttgtgcacaagccaaacctgtccgtcgatgcggccgacgtgttcttc
gtacgcttcatccgaatgaaaacgtccgaagagcaggggctctcgctcttcccggacaccgacttcgtca
cgtgcccgcttcacgcgattgccatggccctgatcacgcagtccgcaccgacaccggccttgatcgacaa
cttgccggagatcccgatcgaggccgctgttaacctgtcgccggcgacgccactgcttgaggtcctgaac
cacccaagtgaattcgccgcgcttgacgccaccgctacgcgcgccaattgctcgacgaagcccgccgcag
ctgtgccgacgatctacacccacgtcaatcgcctgcttgatcgcgtagcctctgccgctggggtgactga
gccactgacatcccattcctttcggcgcggtggggcgcagcacgtcaacggctgtgacggactcacggag
cgctggatcttcgaccgcggcgcctggaacatgtcaacgacaaacaaggggtttaattacatcttcaaca
cgagcagacaggaccacatgataggcaaggcgcttagtggttttgccacgggcgcggacgtggagctgct
ggacttggacgcgtttgacgccgagacgcggctgaagattgcaggtgtacagcggcttctgttcgcaaca
tgctacaaaatgaacagctccaagtacaacatcagtcccaaagtggcggatgttctcacagcgtacctcg
tgctgcactacccgctgctgaaaacgcttcgctccggtgggcttgccgtcaggcgcttggagacggctgt
tgtccacgcaggggctgcgattgcagatcttctggcatggtcgtcacacctcgccacctacaagaaacct
gcgccagcaccacgcaaagaaccacctacgccaatgcacaaggaaacaagcaacgaatccaagataatcg
atcaccaacggagtgtgattaaccaattaatgctgcacatcaagcgccaagatgagcgcatggatgtcat
agaggctaagcaagaagggggtacaacacaagacacgaacaagaagcgtaagcaagagccaagccaagta
caagagaaaaccaagcgcagacggacatcagtgactcaccttcacgcaacatggtttgcgtggtacgcac
aggagcccttcggactggctgatgcccccaaacgccagcgctcgaacgcgaaacagctcgtggccttcat
gaagctgttcgtagctgacgacttaaagctggacccaagcgctgtcaattaccgtgaccaagtcctcgcg
ctcggcaagcaagctgaagcagcggtgctggcatttctcggcaggcttgagatcaagtcgcgcggttcca
cggcagttcgcaagcacctccacgacctatatcagcgaggcgccctcaacgacaagatcacgcgtctgca
gcagctgcgcagtgctgcagccgtccaagatcccgatcgccaggatggccttgagcttgtagctagtacg
tagacactcgcacagaacaaaacgacgaagataagagcgcaatacacgtgcatgttagcaaactattagt
catcgaaaccatggcaccaacaacgcgcacaagacccgctagaaccctacaaagcacgcagcagcattgg
cacgccgtacacgattcatggctgcagcacgtggcacgcttccacctctgggatgatgacggcggctgga
gttgaaccagctacctcagggcaagccctgcgctcttccggtgagctacgtcgtcgggaggggggggggg
gtggaggtggaagcggctacctgcagggccaaattcgcgacgagtcgggctgggaggtctggggggttcg
gcctgaaaaaagacgactggcaatgccccctcttcgtcggccgaaccgaagagctactgtggccttcttt
agctttctgtggctgctggccaacagctagccacgtgtctatccacttatgcgtgggcatgtttaattgg
tagatatttctaccaataggcatacacagcagcgactggtcgtgagcatgctcttaatagtggactccgc
cacgaaaatcatggactcattactgaatttacctgcccgagagcacatggctccggcccaatttgatcgt
tttttaccttttcttgattttctcagcccacagagcgtttcagacagtttccttgcgcctatagactagg
cttaaaacagaccttctgacctttcgcatcttttcccatctcccctaatcattcaacaattaccgtgttt
gtcagtcaaaagttttggcacgctgtacaattttatgcatggtgtaccattttcttgggaccggtcggag
aggtcctccagtcggataaattatggtatgg
>CryptonS-4_PR	CryptonS	Phytophthora ramorum
tatggatgaatatcgtcaaatctccgatcgcacttaacttcactatgtatattaacgaccaatagaaaga
aggggttggcaattgtttaacttataacgaatcaagtcagtctgtgcgatctattttaaccaattagaga
gctcgctaattcgtaaaggccccacaaccacacctccgacgtatcgtgtcggagaaagcagagaagttat
tgatatccctctacagattgcaagtcattcgtatattcttagaataacacacaagctccgacatctccga
cccaacatgagcctcaacgacctcgcaccggccaacaccaagcgggctcgggaatgcgcagcacgctcgt
tcctgaagtttctcgaggaggaatccgtcagctgggagtacttgggagtgtgcatgcagcgcgagagtgc
ttcgctcgtcttggaggctgtggtagacaagttcggcatgtacctcgccttcaaggaagggcgcaagggc
cagctcttagcccgacactcggtcatgcagtactaccgacaggccaagacctggctgctggaacagttcc
ctcagcatcgagcggggatcgacaagattctgctgaagaagggacaagtactagaacggtactgtatgaa
gagagagtcgggggcgtttgtaaacaaggctcctgcatgcacgaagaccgcgcttaagcagatgatggta
tatctctattcgacggcttatacctccgcggactaccaggacgccgccttgctgtgtctgctctggttcc
tctttgggcgtgcgtcggatcttacgatgcttcgcaaggccaacctgtccattggcgcaggcgacatctt
cttcgtgcgcttcatccgggtcaagactgcagaagaacaaggcctctcgctctttcccgacgacgacttc
tccacatgcccgcttctcgccatcgcgcttgcactggtgacgcagtcttctccgacggcttcgcttctga
gccaactttcggagccgcagacagtctcccgagcgacgctgacacccgctacgcctctgattgacttgat
cgaccacccggaagctgtgatcccgctgcatcaaacggccaagaagtcagatgagagcaagacggccgat
gctgctcctgggatccacagctacgtcaatcgcgttctggacagagtcgccaaaaatgctggcgtggccg
agcgtctgacgtcgcattcctttcggcggggcggagctcagcatgcaaatggagctggaatgtgcgtaca
gtggattttcgaccgtggagcgtggaacatgacggcgacgaacaaggccttcgcgtacgtcttcaacact
cctgccgaggaccacagggttgcacgagtcttgagcggccgcgaccccgaacaaagagttcgccttctga
cgctggactgcttcgattccgatacccagtccaagatccagtccgtagcggcagcactcttcaacgcttc
gtccggcctggagtcgccaccgtacaacgtgaacgcgcgcgtcatcgacaccttcatggcgtatctgctg
cggcactatccgtccttgaaaagtctcagcactaacggactggcgattcaacgcatcgaggcttgcgcag
ttgagaaaggcttctcagtcaacgatctgctggcgtggtcgtcgttcctgtcctcgaacgcaacggcaac
atctgaagcaaaacatacaaccacccaagacaccacggaagctatcacaaagcaccccatgtttcttcaa
caagcagccttgattgaacaattaattcaagtgaaccagaagctggacactcggctgtctatcatggagg
ctaagatacacaacaaacaacaacaagctccgtcagcaatgatttcaagtgaagatacaagcaacaacga
tcctcaagccaagcgtcggcgtacctctgctgctaccaacctgaaagatgcttggttttcctggtacgct
caagaaccgcggatgtggagctcaacggatgcagcgaccaagcacatgcggtcgaacgccaagttgatcg
tcgcattcttgaagctgtttcttcgagatggcttcgagctcgatgagaagtcaccgcggtatcgagacga
ggtcctgaaagttggtgccagcgcggagacacagttgctgttgtatctccgcgagcacaagatcacagct
cgtggggcccaaaacgtcttgaagtccatgcgcaagctgcacaagtctggtcacctcaacgaacacgtcc
gccattacaagcaacttcaagccgccggccgcgtagttgaccctgctccttcgcacaccaccaacatact
aggtttagtttaagcacgtagttgcatacagacttaccttttgtcgccgcaaccagtcgttgctgttcat
gattatcgcttggagagcgctgaagctcactctccgttctgcacccgaaccagcgaagcatccgccatgc
cttcaaccaagcccaagaagaacgacatcagctccgcgaaggagttcaagacgctatgcatcgctgctcg
caaggcgtacaagatccgggttagtgatgaggcaatccgtcaccttcgacttaccatgaacacgacggtt
gcctccgcgagcctcctccccgaagcgatcgatgtcatcttcgcttgcgtggccgaacggaagaagcggt
gcgtcggcattgacgacgtgcgtgagtggctagcagctcctggtccaggtggtgacgatggatcgagcga
cgaggaggagcggagcgctgaagaagacctgacagcagagaagctccactacgtctgcaagctgctgaat
tggaagcgtgagaagcggcagacgtactacctcgtcgagtgggaggcgacgtgggagcctcgagaacacc
tgagccagaccgtcgtcgctgccttcgaaaaagagcgccgccttcttgttcgcaagaagttcatcgaaga
ggaagctgttgaggacaaca
>CryptonS-4_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggatgaatatcatcaaactgccgacagcatacactaaaaacttgatttttgtatggtcctgtgagcc
aatagaaacacagctgaagccttttaacgaatcatacagtgttccagcgaaattttagccaattaaaaca
caataggggtagggtaacggctaccgacacgtggccgacgcataatgtcggcagcgacagccagacattt
gagcgccgattcaaaaagcaagtcattcacatatttgctggatatcaagaagccaaccgacactagactc
gaaaacaatgagcctgcaagacctcgctccagagaacacgaagcgtgcgcaagcaacagcagtcaacgtc
ttcacggctttcctcgcctccgagaatgtcactctcgaatttatccgcgctaccctcctggcagatgcca
gtggttcggtgctcgtgaagttgctggaccgcttcgcgatgcacctcgcgtttgctcgaggccgaagcgg
ggatctacgcaagcggaacaccgtgatgagctactaccggaacgtcaagaactggctgctggaggatttc
ccccagcaccgccacattgtggagcagcggctactcaagatgggtcgcattttggagcggcactgcctca
aacggcagcaaggtggtatggtgacgaaggcgccagcatgcaccaaggccgacttgcgctctctgatcga
cggactgtacttcgatgcgagttctgccaaggagtatcaggatgctgcgctcctatccatcatgtggtac
gcgcttggacgcgcttccgatctcgcgtttatccagaagcgcaacctgtcggtcggctcgggcaacgtgc
tattccttcgcctgatccgagcgaaaacgtcggaggagcaaggcctctctctcttcccagacaagagctc
cttcatcacgtgtccgctccacgccatcgccatggcactggcgatgcaaacattcccggtatcgtctgta
ctcgaccttgagcacctttcggggctgaacgttggagatgaagcgcctgcaacggaggctacgccactta
ccgatgcgcttgtccactgtagcgatgatgatgaacctgctaatgcaacaccggaagccacctctccgag
acgtaagtctaccccgctgaaaatgcaagggtacgtcaatcgagtgctcaaggccgcaagcgcacgtcaa
gctgatgctggtgtttcaagtggcctctcgtctcattctttccggcggggcggtgcgcagcatgccaacg
cggatgcttcgctaagtcctcaatggatcttcgatcgtggcagttggaatatgacggcgacgaacaaggc
ctttgcctacgttttcaacaccacgaatgaggacaggaaagtatcgaaagtgctcagcgactggaagtca
aacgacaacccgaccataccttcggctgccacattcgactctgcaacgacgacgaagattcgcaggcttg
gtcgcatgttgtttgcgtccagcttggatcttggggacgcctcattgatcgtcgatgatcaagtcgcaga
cctgctagtggcatcattgatccagcacttccctgaggtcaacgagaggtacccgatgagcccatacact
tcgcggatgcgcatgtgtcttttccctcttcaagtgtcgatgccggagctgctaggctggagtgtggagc
tgaaacgacaagcaagtgaagttcgagaagaagaagaaaaacccttcacacgtgagcttcagttgatcaa
ccatctcaatgcagtcatagcccaactcgtggaagcgaacaaggcgcagtctgagcgcattgcagagttg
gaaaaacgggtgccggttggtggtgcagttgcttcccaggccggctcaactccagacacgatcactgacc
gtaccgacctgtcattggccttggacaccccgatgaagccaaccaagcccaaggtccgcgcagcctcgaa
gactgcagccgcaacttggtttgagtggtacacgaaaacccctcgcatctgggaagtctgtgacgatcgc
cagtacaagtctcagtcaaagcagattgtcgccttcatgaagctattcctacctctgggattcagccttg
accccaccactggwgagtacgcggaccgtgtcatgcaagctggcaacacagctcagaagaatatgcatga
gtttcttcaagcgcgaggtatcaagcgcaagttcggctcgggcctactgaaacaacttcgcgcacttcat
cgagatggagctctagacgagctcattacccggtaccgggcaagtttggctcttggccagatcgccgacc
ctgctcctgaaacgacaaaggagtgtttttagaagcactttgggattttggagaaatcatgcgactttac
agtttgatggagtttttaacctattaaaggcatgagcttaaataagagcaaatacacttcccatggttcg
ttacacattcaaaccactgtggcataccttcaccattttgcaatcgccaacacgaagccgatggttcacc
tcagccagaagaaattcaagcgcgctgttagagcatttattaggcgtgagttccccctcgcgtatgttac
agatgaagctttacgctaccttcgccacgagctgcgtgaccaggttaccgaggctccaagcccaagggga
ccgttgtttgacgtcctctcgctgttgcaacagcagactggtcgtagaatcgaaggccaccacgttctgg
catggcgctcttcgcggcgccccagcctccgacagcttcccagtaccggcgcgaatgcatcccatgcagc
tgcccacgagtcgacgcaggcgcgcgaggctgacggcaacctcgcgccagtcaacactccgctaggagct
gaggagaatgggggcgccgttgccactatcgccgccgccaccgcttggaccagcaccgtcgagaaccccg
ccagcactgccgctgaagccatacccaccagcacagctgttgaagccacacccgccctcactactgctgc
gaagcttgccgctgatgatgttgccgaagagaagcacgctgccgctgttcctgctgccgaagagaagctc
tccgccgccgctgttcctgctgccgaagagaagctctccgtcgccgccgtcgccgtcgccgaagaaaagg
tgaccaccgccgccatcgccgtcgccgaggaaaaggtgaccaccgccgcctccagtgctgacgctgcaca
accgctcgctgattctggtgacgacttcagcgacgacgacgtggtctggatcccagctccaagcggtcta
cctgtcacaactggcaccggttagcgtgctcaatgccgacgatgggcgcgacgacagcgaggcgagcgag
accgaatgggtcccgacggaaaacctggccgctcctccttccacagctccgcagctctacaacatccgcg
caatcacaaactcatacatgagaaacggtaagagagtttaccttgttgagtgggagcagaccgaagagcc
tgccacgaatctgcctcggaacatggttgccgcatacaaccgacgccgcagagcccttgtccgtcgaacc
ttcattgaagaccaagctggccacggccgtggacgacttcgaaactcggaacctgcaccagagcgccgcc
gtcgccgaccacttcgacgacttcgcagagctcttcacttctagataacacaggcacaagacaatagttc
gaagggttcaagcgcatatattaccattgaggaacgactacccaagtacaacgaggctaagctgctttcg
cggcacaccaagttttgggtagtcttcacctcgcaaaacagctaggctacgccataggatagcacaccaa
gcttaacagccgcatcacagcctacattaatgcatacacactaacaccaataccaacaaacgtcagacac
gtgagcccaatagcaccaagcttccccagtgcttaccwcatcatctcgccgatgtccttggtcctcagtc
catgmtggagctgcatgcctgccgcgcgcctttgctgagctgccgctgccgctgccgcgggtggggggga
cccgcctccccccacgcgcggacgccccttgctcgctggcgccgctcccgctgtctgtctgcgtgctggt
tgagatgtgttctctctgtggcctgtccttagcgacatgtcgtcctcggattctttaagccaatgataat
tttattaatattaacaaatcagtgtcagtgctagtgaaggttttagccaataagattgatgtcggccgtg
tcggccgctgtcggcaccgtcacgctatgg
>CryptonS-5_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatcatcacttatccgaccttacttaagttttgtatgctcctgaacagcctattacagaa
tttaaatttattttggccaatggaaatacagtgttacgtgtatttccaccwatagaattgcgtaggggta
gggggtcatcttaaccagtcaatccgacgtatcgggtcggaaggatacgagaaatatgtgtatgcctatt
cwaaaactaagtggcggacgtatcacttgcatatttgcaatacatccgacaggatgggactggacgagct
taagcctggaaacacaaaacgagctaaggcaaccgccatcgcagcgttcaaggcttttgtaaagagtgag
tctgtagactttgagtatgtcaggagttgcattgcgaaagatgatagtggaaagtcatttgtgtctatat
tggatatgtttggcatgtatcttgcctttaacgaaggcaagaagggtaaacagcttgcccgcaacactgc
catgcagtactatagacagactaagatgtggcttttcgagctcttccccacgcagcggcacattgtcgag
gcaaagttgctaagtatggggaagacgctggagaacttttgtatgaaaagagacggcaaggtagtgagca
aggcgccaccatgcacgaaggcagatttgcgtaaaatgatgctatacttgtatcagaatgcgactacctc
aagcgactatcaagatgcagcgctactatgtatgctgtggtacctgtttggacgcgcttccgatttctcc
ctcgtccagaagcagaacctcaccattgacgccgcagacatcctgttcgtgcgcttcattcggctcaaga
cttctgaggagcaaggcttgtcgctgtttcccgacgaagacttcatcacgtgcccggtgtacgctatggc
tctggcactcttggtgcaatacgctccgtgcgtcgacttgctcgataatctgccgccgcttcctgtcgaa
gcctctgtctccttgtcccccgcgacgccgctcctggaggtactcgaccatcctgacgactacgctgcac
ttggcgctgtggctgctgcggcggacggagcagtcgtgactgggaagacgcccaccatttactcccacgt
caacagagttcttgaccgaatcgctgtcgccgctggtatcgaggtcgccctctcttctcattcctttcgc
cgaggcggagcgcagcacgtcaacggttgtgacggcctcacgcatcgctggattttcgaccgtggtgcct
ggaacatgagtacaacaaacaaggggtttaactacatcttcaacacaagccgcgaggatcacaaggtaag
caaggccctcagcggatacagcacagaagcgaaggtacctttgaaggacttgaaggcctttgatgcacac
acacaggaaaaaatcgcagctgtccagcagtatctcttcgcgacgtgcctgaggctagaacgagcccaat
acaacgtgagccaccgtgttctggacgttctaacagcttacctgttgctgcattatccccggctaaagca
tcttcatcctgatggaccagctgtaaaacgcatcgaagagtgcgtggttctggcagggtcatcacgcgca
gacttattggtttgggcgtcccacctggctgctcagaatattgctacgaagacacgtctgccagaagaca
aggaagacatagatcccacatcgaaccggcaaccaaggcaagaatgtgatatcattgagcaccaacgccg
tgtcattgaccagttagttctgctcgttaagaggcaggatgaacgcatggatcttctagaagcgaaggta
ggaggtgctgtgcagcaacatacaagcagcaaacgtcagcatgatcctgaacccgacccagtcaagccaa
ccaagcgtcgacggacttctgtgacctacctgcacgcgacatggtacgcttggtacgctcaggaaccccg
ttttcttgccgctgcatccaaacaacaacgatcaagcgcgaggcagctcgtcggatacctgaaattgttt
cttggggacggcttctccctcaatccaagcgcatgcgactatcgtgagcaagttttggcgagaggaaagc
aggctgagacggcggtaattaccttccttcgtgagcgcaatatcatgtcacgtgggtccactgctgttcg
aaagcaccttcatggcctccacgctgctggagaactaaacgacatgatcacgcgctaccaacgtctggtt
aatgctggtgctgttcaagatccagatagacaggacccccttcaaccagtagctgcaacatcgtgagaca
caagcattagttaccgttacaatatcgggaatttcgtacacgttcktactgcgaaaatgcgcaccctgtt
tcagcaccacaaccaccatgataaamccgcagtggccgtactggtatgctagcccagtggtgtcgtgtaa
cccgtacacgtgtcgtgtaacccgtacaacccatacaaagggtgtcgtgtaacccgtacaacccacacaa
atggtgtcctagcctgggtacacgccacgccaggtgtcggaacccgtacacggtcgtgtaacccgtacaa
cccggtctaacctgggtacacgccacgaacctcacgcggtgtcgtgtaacccgtacaacccacacaaagg
taccgtacgtgtcgtgtacccgtacacaaaggtgtcgtgtaacccgtacacgtgtcgtgtaacccgtaca
acccacacgtgtcgtgtaacccgtacaacccacacaaggtgtcaaccgtgtcgtgtagcccgtacaaccc
aacaaagggtgtcgtgtaacccgtacacgtgtcgcttgacccattcaagttgcctttacacagttcaaaa
cgggcagatgaactatgcacgtccgttttccgacttgcagaaagtggaggccctagcgctcatggacgta
caaggctggagtacttcggaagcgtcgcgtcagctgaatataacccgaacaaccttgctcgggtgggtcg
caaaacaagaccagcttcacgctcgaattgacaacggcattgcggtcaatcccggccccacacccaagac
ttgtgaatttgaaaaggaaattgttaacatgatcaagttgttcagtgattgtgactctaaattgactcgt
agtgctattcttgaagactgtgaccaaagaattcctgagttcaagagattgtcgtatggggctcaacgac
agtggctgtctcggtttttgaggcgccacaaccttgtgggtcacgttgctcctcataattttcggcagac
accacctgagacgaagaacagtgaattccaaagagtggagaaaattgtggacgaaccagcatttcctggt
gtgattaatggtgatttgccaatcgtggattttggtggtgacaagccgtttccgagtcaccgcttgaaat
gccagcagaactgttggaaaatcccgttgcgcagtctgccccggcgactgctccatctgacattgtttca
ctacttaataatgatgacgaggtggatgatagcgcagaatttgttgtggcgtctcaagttgtgtgcgaga
cacagactacatcctttgcaccaggcagaaagcaaatgcgcctcgtcgttcaggaaaaggatattgagac
gttggacagtgacatgtggcttaatgacgtggttattacatactacattagggagcacattcctgcgtac
ggaagaatttatgttttggacgcgaatgtatttggaaatatattttctgcgtttaagaagatgggtcgga
atatgtcggaggctcacccaaccgtttgtgggatcacagcttcgtttccttacgaggaatatgaccaaat
catcatcccaatttgtatgg
>CryptonS-5_PR	CryptonS	Phytophthora ramorum
tatggatgaatatacgcgtctttccgacagmtaacaaggcaggattgttactgcatccttattttgacca
attacataacgttattccactattttgtccaattaaaagtattagggttagggtttccattccgacactt
tccgacaaatatttgtcggaagtacwgccaaaatatgaatatctacatgcgaataccaaggtaaaatata
ttttgcaaatattctagccattcatacgattaggcgcagtcctagagtaggaacatgttgacaggacagt
caatatacggaaaactcgacacttatacggtttattcgacacttgtacgggttactsgacacttgtacga
gctattcgacacttgtacggattagtcgacgcacatatagtacttttaacaagcatttcgaacagtagcg
aaaaagaagaaaaggagccatgagtctcacggcgttcgtccctacgaacactcagaaagcgcgtaccacc
gcgattgcagctttcgagcggatgctggaggaagaggatgttagcgtagagtttctccatgctagctttc
tccttgacacctccggtaaacgtttagcggtaacaatggaccggttcggcttctatctcgctacaaatga
aggtaagaaaggtaagcttgctcgcaacactgcgacatcatatcatagaaatgtaaaactatggctcttc
gacaagtatccacacctgcgtgtgcctactgagttgatcttattgaagcaaggaaagactctagataagc
attgcttaaaacgagagaagggcggcttaattaacaaagctcctccttgtacaaaggaggatttacagtc
tttgatccgctatgtgtacagcacagcacgagtcaatgctgactaccaagacgctgcacttgcatgcttg
atgtggcattgctttggacgatcttcggatctgggctacatcagaaagcagcacgtgtcagtgtcagcgg
atggcaccttctacctccggctactccgcgtcaagacgtcagaagagcagggactcaccttggtcccgga
caaggacgacttcctgacgtgtcctctgcatgcgttggctgtagcgctggcgacgcaggactctccgtgt
gcagcgctgctcggccagctcccagaactcgtgtcggaagacgcgatgccgctcgacttgggtgccccgc
tgcacgacttactgtctgtcgaacttgcctccctccaagtgtctgtggtgcccgcggcggcatcgctgcc
ggtatctttagacgcaagctgttccccagctaccgccgtcttcactccgcctacgagcacagagacacag
accacaaccgtttcaacgcagaagaagacacccaagcggggagaagacagtgtgcaggcgtacgtgaaca
ggatgctgaagcgtgttgctgagccggctggagcagccgccgacttgacctcgcactcattccggcgcgg
tggagcccagcacgcgaacggagacgaccgtcttgctgcccagtggatctttgaccgcggcgcatgggat
atgacgaagaccaacaaagccttcgcgtacatcacgaacacagcgcgggaggacaggaaggtagctcgag
tcttgagcggctggagcgctgacgacaatccagcgatcatcgacatcgtgaagctggaccacacgactca
ggaacgacttgggcgtttccagacgctcctattcagttcctgctcgggtctaaaggatcaacgactcaac
gtaagcaacaaggttctcagtgttctcactgcatacctgatccggtactacccgaggttgaagaagcttt
ctccaactgcccccatcgtgatgcgtgtggatgagtgcatggtggctgttggcatccagaccgccgacat
gctcgcgtggtctgtcgccctgaatgacgatgcctctcaacctgtccaagaatcagagcaagatacaagc
aagcacacaagcccaagaatcgatcaccttttagatgtaattgatgagcttattgcctcgaacaaggcca
tggctgcgcgcatgacaattgtcgaggctgcgctgcttcagtctaaggggctaccagaaacgactgaagt
agaacaatcacatgaggcgtcaaatcaagaacccaagcctaaacgcagaaagaaacaagctacgaacctg
tcgtcaatgtggttcgagtggtacacgcgcttgccgcgcgtctgggactccaccgatcgccagaagaagt
cggaatcccgccacgttgtcgcctttatgaagctcttcctcgatcagggcttcgtccttgacgccaagac
ggaggacttcaaggatcacgtgctggaaattggtcgtctcgctgagcgcaacgtgctcgagtacttgcgg
ggtaatggcatcaacgccaagggagccgggagcgtgctccgcgagatgcggaagctgcttcgatctggtg
atcttgacgagcgcatcgtcgcctacagatttctcctcgcgactgagcgaatccaagatccagctcctgc
ggacacacaagacatactctcagtgacaggtcacgtgtgataagtgtaaggtaactttcaagaataccag
aaaaacagaaatgcgataggctgctgagtagcccgtacatgtgtcgagtaacccgtatatgtgtcgataa
cccgtacatgtgtcgagtaacccgtatagcacgaacattctcactttggaaagcgacgagcgatggacac
ggtcaccacggtcactggccaacagaagttggaggctgtatcactatggaagctggaggggtggactacc
actgaagcgtccagacacctgggggtttctcgatcaacgctgctgggatggcgcgcagctgaagggaaac
tccaagcaggagtcaacaatgccaccacgactcgacccggtcccccatcatctacacacggttatgaaga
ggacctcgtgaacatgatcaagctctctagcgatatcgacgcccagatgacgcgagctgctatcgtcgac
gactgtgcagtaaaagttcctgggttcgttacccgtacgagaggagcacaactgtcgtggttaaatagat
ttatcaagcgccacaagcttagtgaatttatcgccacctacgatttccacatgcagcccagcaagaagaa
gaagttcaaggtctcccctcctgcggtatcggattctcccgctgaagtccctccagcgccgctgaaaggg
tcgcctaaaagctgtgaggcgatcccaggttctcaattggaggtgcctttatcgccaatcggagctcacc
attctccattggaaatgccatccgcgatcgataaatcgatggaaccgcccaagattatatcattggtcga
cagcactgaagaggcgatggaatatgattctggtggagaatatgataacgcgtatgtggacccatccaat
attgtctgtgagactcgaactcccagctttgctcctggaaaaaccaacattcgcttggttgttcagcgaa
ccgatctggagacattggaatgtgataactggctaaatgatgttgttatcacgtactacatcagggaaca
cataccagtgtatgggagagcctatataatggacgcgaatttctttggatatatatttgctgcgttcaaa
agttccgggcgaagcatgaaggcggcgtacaaggagtgctgtggagttacgagtacatttccctacgata
gttacgatcacgtgattgttccgattaacatgggataccactggacatttgctgttgtacagaacccagt
gcacgcagtcgttggtttacgacgatgtattgtccacgtggactcgctcggtatttcgaagattgaaaca
gtcaagaaagttgtgggtgcgtacttcgatgaagaactgaaatcgaagtacgcagataaggacgcaacag
cattcatcatgagaggcgttcacacaagcccgaagcagacaaacacggacgactgcggagtgtttcttct
ctacttcatgaaacgtgttatcgaagccttcctgcaaggtgacgtgctccttcttcttgacatcgacaag
atctgcacggtgtccagatcgacgcgctttagtcctgcaatgttcaggaaggaagtcacaaaccttctct
cttcaggaaacaagtagctgtaaagtgagtaggaaaatcattttgctttgattgactttatataaaagct
cgcacctgtggaaaccgaagcaggcagcacacgcaggcggcacacgcaggcagcacaacgcaggcggcag
aacaggcgcagaagcaggcagcacacgcaggtaaaactgtgagcagttcgtagcagcaggtagagcaaaa
cagataggaaatgccaacagtagggaattggaccccccccccgctcgttaccatccgagcgctgcaccag
cagtgttggctaagcttggccgcgtccttgaatgcagagaggtgtacggtcgtttgagtgtgtgtggggg
gggggggggagcttggtcgaaaaaagcgagactgagagcatactggggtgcggcgccgaagtgagctgtg
aatgtcttcgtgttgctctgtcattggccaagtaaaacctcggtgasgttttataaatgagtggcttagg
gatctgctgtcactattgcgagagttatgccattcttttgaaaccaatcgctcctaattgtagccccctc
tgctgggatgcagccctcactaatgataatttgccgggcctcgtgcacattgctatggggccgaaaagca
tgtatatagaaaaagtcgttttctcggcccagaggcctccacagcccatttccttgctgctgtgagttct
ctttcgaaagctgactgaccccctctcacactagtttcccttttatttccgacccacctatttccgatcc
caccccgtctttgtctagatcctgagtgtcggaaagtgtagggaagtcggaacggttgcgatatgg
>CryptonS-5_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggtagcatatcgctgcgattctaacccctgaaaaataccttaaagtttgtatggtgcttccggccaa
taggagtgtgtcgtctgcgattcttagcatttacaaccaatagacactaccgttgcttaaaatttcgacc
aattaaatcgagggaatgactgccaaccgctgatctgaacattccaacgatatctggttggaaacgcgat
ttgatatcgagcatgccatacaaatatcaagtgaactacaaatagaataaatattcataggtttccaacc
cctgccagctcatctccgactccattctgcgttccgacgcacacaggcatgtcggtggcatcgctagttc
ctgcgaacagccagagaagcagagcgacggctgtgaagtccttcgaagacttccttgcgaagaaggaggt
gacgctcacagaagtgcatgatcgtatttctaaggacagcacaggtaagagtttgtttgtcattctggat
aagtatgggtggttcttagtgaaaaaagtaggaaggcaaggagtagctctgtccaagaacactgtgctat
cttattttggcaatgttaagaactggctggcggatctgtacccgcaacagagccaatgtgtagctaagaa
gctgcaaaagatgctatcaactctagatcggtactgtgaaaagaggccggagcaaggtgtcacgaaacaa
gcgccaccatgtactaagaaagatataaagactatcatctcggctctctacatgcacgcttccgccaact
ccgactacctggatgcggcgctagtggcgttgatgtggtacctctacggtcgtggttctgaggctgagca
attggagaaagcccagctgtgtgtataccccggtacgaatcgtgcaggattttgaatttttgtattaatt
aaccccacgaattatgctgacaattctgtgcgtatatgctaggcggtatgatatttctccgctttaagcg
tgtgaagactgcttcgcaacagggaatctccctgtttaaggatcctaacgatcccttcacgtgcccgtta
cacgtgctagctgtcgctctcgcccttcaacccgctccaggaactcgcatcttcccgcaatttgctgccg
tacctgcgctgtccgcgtccgacgaccaagacgacgatggcgagctggggctgattgcgcagctagaccg
cgagcttgcggaagcacctacatgcaagactccacagccacgtcgagccaactcggcccctggtgcccaa
gcttatatcaatagactattagtcacggttagtggactgccagcagcaaaggagagtggactcacgaagg
gacttacctcgcactccttcagaagaggtggggccatgcacgccaacgccgacagtcgcattagcccgaa
ctgggttgttgaacgcgggggctggaatatgtcgcgcgtgagcaaggcgttttcctacatgctgaacaca
acacacgaagatcaacaagttgcgcgccaattgagcgggtggaacccgcaagcgggcgcccgacttccag
accttaccgccctggacggagccgtccgagcgcgcgtggagaagctgcaggatctcctcttcgctgctgt
cactggtttcccgacagtgtcttggaacttggatcctcaggtgctcgaagtgttgatggcgaccttgatc
cttcacttccccgagatggaacgccatcgcttggatagcccgtacgtccgtcgcattcatgaagcccttg
gtgtcctcaacatacaggcctccgagctgttggcatggtcgatcaccctccgagctgcattcaatccacc
tgcagaagagaaacaagaaacagcggccgagtcctctcaaaacatgatccgtgttctcgaaaagctgtcg
cagcagctcgacgagctattgctccgccaaacacgcgtagaggaaaggctggctgttttgggggcgaacg
cagaatctattgacaagaaaacaaacactaccgagcagcagcacgaagacgttgagcagtcgcagccaaa
gcgcgcgcgcaaacgtgcctccaaagcgctatcgacagtgtggttcgagtggttcactgctgtaccacgc
atgtacgaatcaacaacagttagcaaagccatccttcacgagtcacgacacgcagttgcattcatgatgc
tctgcttaccttctgggttcaagctggacccggcctcgccagcgtacaaggcggaggtccacgctgttgg
agtcgaagccgagaagaagacgcttgaatacttggctgcacaaggctcacaggctgtagccgttggctcg
gtcgtcaaagccatgcgtgcgcttcacaaagcaggccacctttccgtcctccttgaccagtttcgcgagc
gctactatgaaggcgaagtcgtcgacccgacacccaattctgcccttccgccattcctgcgcttcaccta
aatgcacacgcagcacactaaacagtcaataagatacacaatacgtacaacaggagtagcacgcactctc
ttagccgacctgtccaaaaagaaagcaaaaacacataatacttgatgcccatgtcggggtttgaacccga
tcctccaggcccgaaggcctggcgctcaacctcacgagctccatgggcgcgggtaagtcgcatccatcaa
cagcaccatactcgtccaaaccctcggccacttgagccacacgccacgagagcgcacaggcgcaacccaa
cacacgtcccagcagcgcacatagcccagcagcaagtggcccggcgtcagtagcacacacggcccagcag
cacacacacggcccagcagcacacacggcccagcagcacacacggcccagcagcacacacggcccagcag
cacacacggcccagcagcacacgcggcccagcagcgcagacggcccagcagcaagcggcccagcagcaca
cacggcccagcggccagcagcgcctgtgtacacgcagagacaacagcagcacagtcagcacaggtagcac
aagcagcgttgcacgactcgcwgcactaacctggaagcttctggactgttggccgagaatccaatcggcg
gtcgtgaggttaaatatcagctgaacaaaaaacctaataccgttgctagaccggttttggttggaagcag
tccaaccccgttggaattttgacggtatgg
>CryptonS-6_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatcatcacttatccgaccttacttgagttttgtatgcgcctaaagtagcctattacagc
atttacattaatgtggaccaatcacaatagcacaattacctaattttagccaataattttaggggtaggt
gggtagccagccaatccgacgtattaagtcgagacacgaaaaatatgtgtatttcgattcaaaaagtaag
tgatgaacgtatcacttgcatatttgcaaaacatccgacagggatgggactagaagagctcaagcccgga
aacacaaaacgcgcaaaagcaaccgccattgcggcgctcaaggcttttgttaagagtgagtctgtagatt
ttgaatatgtaaggagctgtattgagaaagacgatagtgggaagtgcgtttgtctatcttagatctgttt
ggtatgtatctgcctttaatgaaggcaagaagggcaaacaacttgcccgtaatacagccatgcagtacta
taggcagactaaaatgtggttttcgagctcttccctacacagcgacacattgtcgaagcaaagttgctta
gtatggggaagacgctagatagtttttgtctgaaaagagatggcaaggtcgtaaataaggcgccaccttg
ctctaagaccgatttacgtaagttgatgctttatttgtataagaatgcgtctacttcaagcgattatcaa
gacgcagcgctactgtgtttgctgtggtacctgttngnacgcgcgtccgacttgtcgctcgtgcagaagc
agaacatcaccatcgacgccgccggcatcctcttcgtgcgcttcatccggctcaagacgtccgaggagca
agatctctcgctctttcctgatctcgacttcgtgacgtgcccagtgtacgccatcgcgctggcgctcgtg
acgcaggggtctccatgcgtcgatctgcttgacaacttgccagcgctgcctgtccaagctgccgtctccc
tgtccccagccacgccgcttctggaggtgcttgaccaccctgacgagtatgccgcacttggtgcwgctgc
tagcgccgcgtcgtcaagtgctgctgctgagaagacaccgaccatctactcgcacgtcaatcgagtgctt
gaccggaccgctgcaatcgctggcgttgaagtggctctctcttcccactcgtttcgccggggcggagcac
agcacgtcaatgggtgtgacggcctcacgcatcgctggatctttgaccgtggcgcctggaacatgagcac
aacgaacaagggtttcaattacgtcttcaacacaaaccgcaaagatcacaaggttagcaaggctctcagt
gggtacagcaccaatgctaaggtacctttgacggacttaaagtccttcgatgcgcagacgcgggaggaaa
tcgaagctgttaggcgtacctgttcactacatgcttcaagctagaccaagtcaagtacaacgtgagttag
cgtgtccttgatgtgttaatggcttaccttcttctccactatccgcggttgaaggaggtccatcccgagg
ggccagggggggcttggaggcctgtgtgctgctggcagggtcggctctggcggacctgctagcttggtcg
actcatcttgctgacgctgcctgcaatgcgaagcggcccgctactacacatgacatggaaaccgcatcac
ccaagcaactaagccaagacaacacgctcattgagcaccaacgtagtgtgattgaccagttagtccagct
agtgaagcgccaaaatgagcgcatggatattctagaagctaaaatggaaagtagcaaacacggcggcaag
cgtcagagcagtcaagaccacagaacaagaacaagagcgaagcaatccactgaagcgtcgacgaacctcc
gtcactcacctgcacaagacgtggtacgcgtggtagtcaggagcctcgttggcttgctgcttcccccaaa
cagcagcggtccagctctaaacagctcgtcgcgttcatgaagctcttcttgcccgacgggttcgcccttg
atccaagcgcatccgattaccgcgacaagacactgagtctaggtaagaaggcagagctagcggtgctaag
ctttctcagcactcgcacgatcaaagcgcgtggctccacagctgtccggaagcacctgcacaaccttcac
actgctggggcactcaacgacatgatcgcgcgctaccgcaagctgcttcactccggcgctgtccaagacc
ccgatcgccaagatctccttgagcctgtggctacagccctttaggacatgagtgatcaaaacacatacat
gttgaatgcatataacgctagtcaatgaatgaagttgcgctcatagtagttagcaataaaacaacaagag
cagtaaacatacacagcagagtaaataatcataacggttggattcgaaccaacatcctcagggcattgcc
ctgcgctctcaccattgagctacgttgtcgttcaagagggggggcagcggttccttaccggatacttacg
gtacgacctggacggcctgtgcggtcacagaggccgaggagaggtctgtcatagggaaaaatgaaggtga
ggccgtgatcgtgctgtcggcaacaccggttggctgtctgcggctggaagctgactggttgtttgtatgt
acgaagccaaatggtgccttgttattggacggtgattgcccaatcatgctcgtttatggatggctggctg
ccactatcctcgagtatccggacagcgtctgattatccggatcaccaccactttcggcttcattttccta
tttactggctcgagagcacatggctctcgagcagaatttgcaggatttgggtttttcgcgtttttcgcag
tctacagccgtttcaggcgattctgagccgcctataaacttgacacaacacgctctcttttgaattttca
aatcgcgctttggcatccttgcacatccaaacacattgattacgctaagtaccgtaactgtcaaataaag
tctgttgacttttttgtttgatgtaccaaattattggcacaggtcctataaggtcggaggtcggatattt
tatggtatgg
>CryptonS-6_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggatgaatatagtggtctttccgacagagagactggcaggattgtgactgggcccaatcagttcgcg
ttttgaccaatcacggagcttcaatagtgtagttttggcaaataggagataataggggtaggtttccggt
tccgacactttccgacaaatatttgtcggaatccacacagtaatatgaatatgtacatacaaatatcaag
tagttaacatattttttaaatattgtcatggctctgacaactaggtttattcctaaggtaggaaaccggt
cggtggataggataaccagtacgtaggctttgcgtttgaccacacaattaaaagaaccaagcagtagcag
acgaagcagcatgagcttagctgccttcgttcctacgaacacgcagaaggcgcggaatactgccgtcgcc
gcattcaagcggatgttggaggaggagaaggttagccttgagtttgtcgaggctagcattctcttggatg
cctccggcaaacgtttagcggcgacgatggaccgctttggcttctacctcgcaaccaacgaaggtaagaa
aggtaagttagcccgcaacacggcaacagcgtatcatagaaatgtcaagttgtggctatttgacaagtat
ccacacttgcgagtacctactgagttgatcttgctaaagcaagggaagactttagataaacattgcatga
aacgcgaaaaaggtggcttgattaataaggctccaccttgtactaaggaggatttacagtctttagtccg
ttacgtgtacagcacagcacgcgtgcacgccgactaccaagacgcagcactagcgtgcttgatgtggcac
tgctttggccggtcttcggacctaggctacatccaaaaacagcacgtgtctgtatcggcagacggcacct
tctacctgcggctgctacgtgtcaagacatcagaagaacagggtcttaccttgatcccggacaagagcga
cttcttgacgtgtcccttgcacgctctggccatagcgctagcgacgcaggacgcgccatgcgcggcactc
ctgtcccagttgcccgatctcgtagcggaggtcgccgtgccacttgacgaaggtgtgccgctgctggagc
tgctggaagccgagcccgcttcgctcgacgtcgctgtggtcccgacggagtcgtccctgccttcaatgct
cgcggccggcaacgtatcctctgttccaccgccgcaaacctgcccggacacacaagaaacatcaacacca
gccccaaccgaggcacgcaccggtgaggtcaagcgcggcgaagacagcgtgcaggcgtacgtgaacagga
tgctcaagcgcgtcgccgagccggcaggagccacccctgacctgacctcgcactccttccggcgtggcgg
ggcccagcatgcgaacggagatgaccgcctcgccgcccagtggatcttcgatcgcggtgcttgggatatg
accaagacgaacaaggccttcgcctacatcactaacacggcacgcgaggacaggaaggtggcccgggtct
tgagtgggtgggcggcagacgacgttccagcggtcatcgacgtcgcgacgcttgatcacgccagtcaaga
acgcctcggccgattgcagggcttcctgttcaattcctgtacaggtctcaagcaacaacgtctaaatgta
agcaccaaggtcctcagtgtcctcactgcgtacctggtccgttactacccgcagctcaaggagctctcac
ccgcggcccccattgtcacgcgcgtggaagagagcttgcgtgctgcagacatcccgatcggcgacatgct
tgcgtggtcagtcgcgctggacagcgaagccgctccgcctgctcaagaacaaacccaaacacaagatgca
agccaacaccactgtccaagcatcgatcaccttctagctgtcattcatgagcttatcgcctcaaacaagg
ccctagctgcgcggttgacgattgtcgaggcggctcagatgaaagctaaggagccgcgtagacccgctga
agaagaccaagcaaaggaatcgttagaccaagagcccaagccaaaacggaggaagaagcaagttacgcac
ctgtcggctgcatggtacgagtggtacacccgtgttcctcgcgtctgggactgctctgaccgccaaaaga
agtccgaatcacgccacgtcgtcgccttcatgaagctgttcctcgaagacggctttacgcttgaccccac
ggttgcagactacaaggatcaggtcttggacgccggccgccgtgctgaagatgccgtgttggacttccta
aagtcgcggaacatcaacgcgaagggcgctggcagtgttttgcgcgcgctgcgtcccctgcacaagtgcg
gcgtcttggacaaacgcatcgcagcccacaagcgtctcctcgctacaggccgaattcaagaccctgctcc
tgcagacacacaggacatattagctttggctcgtcaagcctgaccggcatagtatcgggaattcccgaag
tcgcaaaccgccgagcgtacgagcgtacacagtcgagtaaacccgaaatcacgcaccgtcgagaataccc
aaaatcgcccacagtgagtaaacccgaaatcacgcaccgtcgagtaaacccgaaatcgcccacagtcgag
taaacccgaaactgctgttaatgggagtaagcgacactcgcgagccaccgatgagcggcagctgtcaaaa
agtagaatgactaaacagcatgcttctcaaccaatcatttatgggtcgtaattagtatattatgcattct
gaccaataggatttaagaaatttcatccaatgaaatgtaaggtacatgtcgagtttgtccgaaacgcgac
acatcgattcttgccaagatgtcgagctcagatcagcggacgaatgcggagaagatcgagatcctgctcg
catgcgagcgaaatggatgggacgctaccgaggggggtcgtcgtcatggtgtggctcggacaaccttgct
gggttggatgactaacaagcacaagttattctcgtcccaggccgatccatccgcaaagcgggcagcgcca
ccaggcatggcccctccgacgcttcaatacgaggctggtattgttgagcggatcaaggcaaaagtggcaa
acggccaggtggtgtgcagagatgatgttgtcgcggatgctgcgtcgacaatacctggctttggggagcg
caaacccgcggctcagagttcgtggactacccggtttataggccgccacaatctaagcactttcatctca
cgacgactccagaataccggcacggcagcgccaaatgtgaatgaaccccccaacaagggacacaagcgtc
aactatcgactttagccgaaaccccccagcctccagccaagtcgactttggccgaaaaatcccagcctcc
agccaagtcgactttggccgaaaaatcccagcctccagtcaagtcgactttggccgaaaaacccagcctc
cagccaagtcgactttggccgaaaaacccaagtcgccggaggtcatatcactgttgaatgatgacagtga
gaaggccagcgtcccatttgattttggagatgtgtgggatatatcgcagtccgagattgtgtgtgaaaca
caaaccccatgctttgttgtgggcaaaaccagcatgcgtttgctggtgacagcggaagatgtccggacaa
ttaaagaccaaaattggctgaacgatgtgattatgtcctattacatccgagtgcacctcccgcaacacgg
ccgaacgtttgtcatggatgcaaacgtatttggacacatctacagcgagttcgttcaagtggagcgaaaa
attggacttgcgcacgagcgctgttgcggtatcaccgcaacatttccgtacgagaagtacgatcacgtga
ttttacctatatgcatgggcaatcactggacgtttgccattgtgcaaaaccctgtaggcactacgcagaa
tctgaggagatgccttgtgcatgtagactcgaaaggaatctccagcatcgaagcgattaaaaaagttgtc
ggtggatatttcgacgcggagctgcgaactaaatatcctgacaacgcagcaccagcgttcgtcgtgagag
gagtccgaacaagcccggcacagataaaccacgatgactgcggagtatttgtgctatacttcatcaagcg
cacggtsgaggcatttcaaaccgggaatacgcttctcttaagcgatatcaagaagatatgcacaagtcca
aggtccgcgcgcttcaacgcaaaactgatgcggaagcagatcatagagagcctgacacaaacgcacgcgt
aggctcactggaatacgggtctcggttaattcaatacatgtattacacgtatacatacaaaacgtcgcta
gtgccccaaaccttacagagaacagagattagcacaggagctagagcaccgcgcacccaaatgcagcacc
gatatatacgtagaaggcgctactcctggcacgaccacagcgcgacaatgcgcgggcaaaacaacttgaa
gcacaacgcagacgcacaatctgtgacgcagcagcaagacccttggcacagcacgacacgaccgcaaaag
cccatcgtgatcaataacaccgacccgaattgaacgggcatctcagggtggaggccctgcgctcttccat
tgagctacggtgttgggagggggggggggcggccggccagttgtcttgtcttgggtgtggatgtgtgcgc
ggaggggtgcaggagacttgatcagtagctctaataaaaaggagactgaacgctctgagccgcgtgtcgg
cgacgtacaatgcctagcagccaccaatttcggacaggaggcgagtatctactggctgtagagagaacca
atcaacgatcatcgttaaatacatgtcccctattggctaatagattggccaatgggatgcctcaaaggag
ttagctggcgtcggactgcttctaattgtggccccctgtcctggagccggcctcattaatgaatttgccg
gctccggcacacattgctcccggggccgtaatgcatgaatacacaaaataccgtttttcttggcctacag
gcctctagaagcgatttcctcgcggctgagagcctctcatgaaagctgactggaagcaccaaaaacgccc
cctagacctaatctaccgtatatattgtgtaatttccgatcttacactatttccgattttgccctggctt
tggcctttatcctgtctgtcggaaaatgtagggatgtcggaacggccgcgatatgg
>CryptonS-7_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
catcatcwatgcgcaaataattgtccagtcacatcccggtaatwtgtatttttgaccaataagacagtac
gaggttaggtgagtcatgtaagccagccattccgacgtatcgggtcggagcaatacgaaaaatatgtgta
tcgcaacatattaggcaagtcaacatcgtatcacttgcatattttgcatttatccgacaagagcaatggg
cttagcggaactagagtgtggaaacacaaaaagagccaaggcaacagcagtggcaacttttaagaagttt
ctaaaaacggagaatgtaagtgatgagtatgtgcgaacttgcattgaacgtgatgagactggaaagtgtt
tcgtatcagtgatggataagtttggtatgtatcttgcatttaatgagggcaaaaaaggcaagccgttggc
tagaaacacttcgatgcaatactaccggcaggctaaactatggctactcgaacagttccctcggcacaga
cccgcacttgaggctcggttgcttaaaatggggaaaacactggacaacttttgtatgaagcgagatggtg
gtggcttcatcaccaaagccccaccgtgctcaaagggtgatttaaaaagaatgcttatgtatttgtatgt
taacgctagctgtccaagtgactaccaagacgctgccttactatgcctgctgtggtatctgttcggccga
gcgtccgaccttgcgcatcttcggaagcagaacttgtccatcgacgcgggaaaggtactcttcgttcgct
tcatccgtatgaagacatccgaagagcagggcctgtcgatcttccctgacgcggactttgccacgtgccc
cctcctcgctgtcgcgctggcgcttcttacccaggtagccccctcsgcaaacgttatagacaacctgccc
gagcagccaagtcaatccgccatcgagctggcccctgacgtgccgttgttggagatgctcgaccatccga
cgacgacgcaaggcctgackgctccgacttctggcttgcacacgaccccgaccatctttgcccatgtgaa
ccgcgtactggaccgcatcgccaagccggcwggtgtcgaggttgcgctgacgtcccactcgtttcgtcgc
ggcggcgctcagcatgcgaacgcttgtggccagctcacggctcgctggatcttcgaccgcggcgcctgga
acatgacaacaacaaataaaggattcaactacatcttcaacaccagcgcagaggaccacaagatcagcaa
gatacttagcggccacgacgctgaagcaccggtgtttctccagaagctcaagtccttcgacgcgcaggcg
cgtaccaaagtcgaagctgctcagcgtatcctcttcgctacctgccaagaccttgggacaacaagccaca
acgtcaaccagtccgttcttgatgttcttaccgcgtgtgtgcttcgccactaccccttgctgaaggagct
gagccctgaagccccagccgtcaagcgcatcgaagcatgcgtccttcacagtggctgctccatcgcagaa
ttgctcggatggtcgtcgcacttggtatccgtagcatcaccctgcaacaaatcaagcagcgacaccaaag
cacaaccaacctcgcaagacggcaagcaaaccgaagacaccagcgaccagaagacaattcgacaccaagc
cgctgtaattaaccatttaatcgagcacactcaacgccaagatcagcgcatggacgctctcgaggccaag
ctgaacaacgatcctatgaagcctacacacaagcgccaccacatacacactgcagaagaagctgtcagtg
aacccaagaagaagcaacgcagatcttcagtcactcaccttcatgctacgtggttcgcttggtacgcgca
agagccaaggatgtggcaagcacccatctcaaagcagcagaagtcggacgccaagctgcttgtggccttc
atgaaactcttcttggacgacggcttcgagcttgacacggcagcgcatggctaccgcgatcaggttctcg
acttggscaaacgggcggaggaagcagtccttgcatttttagccgagcggaagatcacatcgcgcgggtc
agccgccgtcctcaagcacctccgcactctccatcgcgcgggagtcctgaacagcaagattgagcgccac
cagcgcctgctccagaccgcagcaattagggatcccgcccctggatacacacaggacgtactcgaggtag
ttaacaatccaggcaaacaacaataaaacaaaccacagaatgacagcggttggagtcgaaccaacattct
cagggcaagaccctgcgctctatccattgagctacactgtcgtattgggaggttggagggggggggggct
gacgtggcgccgtgtgcacacgctgcatgcggcagtgcaatttgagagggtcatcctaaggtctgcgcag
tagcgtcgaaaaaagagcgagtgaggcctcgaccttattgtcgggtacgacgtgtggctgtgtatcgccg
actgatagagagattctggcctgccaaacggcagaatttcattggaagatggttgcccaatgaaatgcgt
tcagtagtgactggttgtcgatgtccaaaaagtatccggacagtcaatttatccggatgattgtcaagtt
cagcttcattttattatttgcctgctagagagcacatgactctctagtgtaatttgcttgttttcagctt
ttttcgattttctcagcccacaggccgttttaggcgattctgagccgcctataaactagacacaacaggc
tctctacagattcagtacagaacgacaaatcttgcctatcttcctccaaacataatgattacacaaaatt
actwtacttgtcaaataaagtccgctggcctttttacacttcatgtaccactattgtggtacctgtccga
tagggtcggaggtcggataaattttaggtatgg
>CryptonS-7_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggagtaatattcactctgttccaaccgctactcttttttgtaatcccaaaccgctcgtactcgacga
ctttcacccaatgaatgccttaagttcgatgaattttggccaatcggaagcccctctaaactagggcatt
tttccaaccgttccaaccatatttggttggaattttgtcagaatatttttaatgccatacaaatgtctat
agaaatgcatatcccaaaaatatccttcagtttccaacccgaatggtcggtacatatttttttgttcaga
gtgaaaagagcaggcaggctagcatgtcgatcgcatcgcttgctcctgccaacagcaagaaggccaggac
gacggcgatcaactcgttcacgacgttcctggccgcggagagcatgacactcgaagccacccaccagctc
atcgacggggataagacaggtaaggtattgcgtattatactagacaagtatgcatattcgttagccacat
cagccgaaaaggtaagagcgaccaatacgtgtctagcatactatggcaacgtcaagaattggctagtaga
taagtacccactgcaaggagctttagttaaatctcagctccaaaaaattctatctgggctgggtaagtat
tgtagcaaccgagaggaggtcggcgacgagaagaaagcacccccgtgctctaaacaagacttagaagcta
tggtgtctctactgtactcaacggctgcgacggagagtgaatacctcgacgcggccctagtcgtgatgat
gtggtacctttacggtcgaagctcggacgcggaaacagtcgagaagagccagctatccatcttgcctggt
aagtaattaattacgatgttcttagcagaattattttaacactgagggcatttatgctaggtggcgtctt
atttcttcgatttaagcgggttaaaacagctttactacaaggcatctccttattcaaggacccaacgaat
ttcttgacatgtcctctgcaagctttggctgtggcgctggttatgcagaaggcaccaagccagcgcatgt
tccctcagttcatcgccaaaaagcacagatcagatgatattgatgatgtacaggagcttacactgattga
actactggaagttgatgatgaccagccttctatggaggaatctgaagcaccttcgacaaagcgggcagtt
cctggtgcacaagcatacgtcaacaggttgctggttagagttaaaaaactcgccgatttgcgaagcattc
gtatgacgccagatcttacctctcattcgtttcgacgtggtggggccatgcatgccaacgacggtacctt
ggcggaaaactggattatcgagcgcgggggctggcagctggaccgcgtcaataaggccttcgggtacatg
cttggtacaacccaagccgaccaaaaggtgtcccgcgtcctgagtggctggaagcccaaggacggcgcgc
ggctaccaacgctagccgctctggacacgccagtcttggtccgcgctcgcaagatgcagcagcttctctt
ttccagcacgatggctttcgctgacgctgccttgaacctcgacgacgacgtcgctgacgtccttacggct
accctgttcatgcattaccccgacatgttagtgctctgcccaagcagcccgctcatcacgaagatacgtg
agctcctagcacaacgagccatcggtgagtccgagctgctggcgtggagcgtgacgattaaccaggcatt
cgtggcacctcctgcatcagaggcttcggctagcgctggtgaggagcagtcgcctgcgttgattgacctc
atcaaacgccagtccgagcagatcgacgtcttaatcctgcagaacaaacgactcgacgagcgcatattag
ctgttgaagcacaccttcaagcacttaccaacacagccgcaactcaatcagcaaacaccgacgccacgct
tcctgctcccgagcaaccaccgccaataggagctacgacgacacgcccgaagaagaagggagcccagtcg
ttgtcggcaatctggttcgagtggtttacagcggagcctcgtgtgtatgtgtcgcgttctgtaaagaaga
cagcgttgtacgagtacaggcacatcgcagggtatctcatgctcttcttacctgaaggtttcgcgcttga
cacttcgtcgcctgcatacaaaagcgaggtcctggagctwggcgataaagcgcagcagaacgcactcacc
ttcttgaaatcgcacggctcctccgcggttgcagcaggttcggcgttgaaggctcttcgtcagatgcaga
agcttggtaagctcgacgcgctcatcgcccagttccatgaacgcgttgaccaaggtgtcattgtcgatcc
gacgccaccttcagcactkccatcattcattcgactgamgcccgcgcaaggttgatctgctactgtaaca
catagcaaaatcctaacaaactcaamagttaaagcgacccaccgcacaccaggctcgctgatcaagggac
aataccaccgacatcacatgaatacatgaacaacatcataatttgggtaaacctcttcgtgtattttctt
gcacttgttcattactacattataaacaacactgcacaaaacataacgttagaataggacgttcacagtt
atgacagggcatagagtgtttaccttgtgtcttgcagtcctcggccgccatcaccctgcgcaagaccagc
cagccggcagtgtcgctgcagccgcactcactggtcctgctgttgctgctgatgctggccccgscggcca
tcaccccgcgcgaggccaagccgctgtcgcagtcgcgcctcgcccgcgtcgccgccctcgcccgcgtcgc
cgccctgctcctggtgctgctgacctcgagggccatcaccccgcccgaggccgagcgctcgcccacgttg
ccgccctcgcccgcgtcgtcgccctgctactgatgctgctggcctcgggggccatcaccccgcccgaggc
caagccactgtccacgtcgccgccctcgcccgcgtcgccctgctactggtgctgctggcctcgagcgcca
tcaccccgcccgaggccgagcacttgtccgcgtcgccgccgacgcccgtcttgctctcggtgctgctggc
cgagggccctctccacgcgctccgaagtgaacgatatgaatgaacaggattcagttaggatgtcattaaa
atgaaatagatgtcattaaaatgatttgctgtagtaccggtacaggttggacaccttggtcggacagttg
gaattttgacggtatgg
>CryptonS-8_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatcatcatttctccgaccatacttgaataaaatattagtattaatggccaatcagaaag
gatagcccgtatttggacgaatcatacatcgactgtgccaatattttgactaatcaaagcacggtagggt
cagtataggtcgataagaggcagctccgacatatcgggtcggaggcccctcttgtgttattgatatcggc
atacaaacctccactcattagcatattttgcaaatagcacgcgagctccgacccctccgacgcaagatga
gtctgagcgacctcgcaccgacaaacacgaagcgcgcacgggatggcgcggcacgcatgttcaaagcgtt
tcttgaggaagaaggggtgacatgggagtacctagaggtgtgcatgaagcgcgacaacgctccccgcgtt
ttggaggccgtggtggacaagtttggaatgcatctcgctttcaaggaaggacggaagggcagcctgttgg
ctaggcactcagtcatgcagtactaccgacaggcaaagaactggttgctcgatcagttcccacagcatcg
agaggctgtcggcaaggttctcctgaagaagggtcaagtgctggagcgctattgcatgaagcgagagtca
ggcaattttgtgaagaaggcacctgcatgcacgaagaaagcactcaagcagatgatggtgtacctctatt
caaatggtgtaacagcttcggactaccaagacgcggcgctgctgtgcttgctctggtttctgtttggccg
agcctctgacatctcgctactccggaaggtgaacttatccatcggttcggggggaatatttttcctgagg
ctgatccgtgtcaagacgtccgaagaacaaggtctctccctttttcccgacgacgacttcgccacgtgtc
cgctgctagctatcgctgtggctcttgcaactcaatcggcaccggcggctgcgctgctaaaccacctccc
tgaacaacaagtggcgaccgaagcttccctgactccggcagcaccactgatcgatctgatcgataaccca
gaagctgtcgctccactcaactccaccacagatgagaacaagccgcttgacgacactactggaatccacg
gctacgtgaatcgcgtcttgacgagaataatgcctgaagctggtgttgtccagcgcttgacgtcacattc
gtttagacgcggtggcgcacaacatgcgaatagtgttggcatgtgtgtgcagtggatcttcgacagaggc
gcgtggaacatgacggcaaccaacaaggccttcgcatacgtcttcaacaccccagctgaagatcacaagg
tggctcgtgttttgagtaatcgaggaccagatgactccgtcgctttgctgtcacttgatgtattcgactc
tcatacccggcaaagtattcgcttggtctcttcagctttattcacgtcttcgtccggaatggaatcagag
cagtacaacgttaacgcggctgtacacgacactctcatggcttaccttctgcggcactatccgtcactga
agactctatcgacgtccggtcttgtaattcagcgcttggaagcttgtgccgaggataaaggcttcactgt
aaatcatctgcttgcttggtcggcgtacctcagtagcaacccaagtactgcggaggactctaaaagcaaa
tttgcacaagacaacccagacgacatcacccagcatccagtatattttcagcaaacagcattgattgagc
agttaatccaggtcaacaagaagcttgacgctcggttgactgtaatggaagacataatcggaaacaaaca
cccacgcgcgcctacaaaaccagaagaaagtgaggactcaagcgagaagaagtctccaggaaagcgacgc
cgtacctctccagctctaagcttgaaggatgtctggttcgcgtggtacactcaagaaccgcgcatgtgga
gcttgacggatgctgaaaccaagcacacacgctcaacaggcaagcaggtcgttgcgttcttgaagctgtt
cctttacgatggctttgtcttggacaagcactctgctcgctaccgcgacgatgttctcgaaacaggaagc
cttgctgagaaggcaatgctggcgttcttacagcagcacaacgtcactgcccgcggagcgcaaaacgtcc
tgaagtccatgcggaaactacacaaagctggccaactgaatgagcacattggtaagtacctacaacgtca
agctcaaggtctcatcatggatcctgctcctccgcatacttgcaacacgatcgggttagtgaccatgaag
taattaataaaagcacccacctttctggtcatgtccagtcatattttgcgaagttttgcgcgctgcactc
tctgctgttcactcttccttttgttctcaaaccttgacacctcagcctcggatgcctaccaagaagccaa
ccaagaacggcattagctctgcgaaagagttcaagaccctgtgcatcgctgtggccaagtcttgcaagat
ccgggttagtgatgaagctattcgtcaccttcgacttaccatgaacattaccgtcgcctctaccagcctg
cttcctgaagcaattcaagtcgtcttcacctcgttggctgagcgcaagatccagcgggcaaagcttgtcg
acatccgcgagtggctggctcctcctgctgtcgacaacgacgaggtggacggtgacgaagatagcgaaag
cgagaagatccactacgtccgcaagatcttgaactggaaacgcgttaagggcaaaacgtactacctcgtc
gagtgggagtcaacttgggagccacgcgagcacttgagccaaaacatcgtcgccgcgttcgagaaggagc
gccgcttgcttgtgcgcaagaagttcttcgaagacgaggctgtggaagacaacacgctcaacatcacgga
aggataaaacaaaacaagatctagtgaggcgcaaacggcttcgtattacaagtttagaaagtgttaatga
gtagagagacttgaacaacaatgttaaccgctgacaatagaacacaaagcttaacctcctaacggaacag
caatgttaacctccatcatcatagcacacagagtttaacgcaagacggctacacaacacacacactcgca
cgcacacgcgcatacacacacaaacacgcaagaacacactcactaatggcttgcgtctgacggctgaaaa
atcgtgaatgacagaaaaatctgtttgtcggccactcttaaccaccaacttggtaggaggccacgtgtcg
gggtaaatacgcgcaggcgtaaaaacggaatttttactaatgctctttttagtggaccccgattttgggt
ggcgccctcatttctcaaattgcagcctgtagtgcacaaggctctgtagcttaaaatcatgcgtttttat
tttttgcctgtttctctgcccacagaccgtttcagagcctgtgagtgcgcctataaacgtgccgtttcgg
caatttctagcatagacaaatctgcacatggtctctaattaccctacccacaattaccttttaacttctt
ttaagtccgatctcgtccctcctctaccgtcggagctcgtcggaggtcggagattttttggtatgg
>CryptonS-8_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggtataatacccaatctattccaaccaaggcttgtccatgtcatcccctacttgtgaagtccaccaa
tgaaagtgccgggttacgatatttttatccaatgattggtcttacagaaattgtccagcattccaaccga
tccgaccatatttggttggaatttttacagaatatttcttatgctatacaaattctcatataaacacata
ttctaaaaatatcgtgaagtttccaaccgaggcagctgtatttgtggtttcattagtagagaagcaccaa
cagcgcaaaagcgatgtcgatcgcttcccttgctccagctaacagcaagaagtcgagaacgacggctctc
aactccttcaacgcgttcctcgaatgtgagaacgtaacaaccgacgccgctcataagcttattgacgccg
acaagaccggtaaggtgctgaaaatcatgttagataagtatgcatactccctagctagatcgacagacaa
agtgctatcaacaaatacgtgtcttgcgtatttcggaaacgtgaaaaactggttgctggataagtatcca
caacagggagcaatcgtgaaaccacagctgcaaaaaatcctgtctgggcttggaaagtattgcagcaacc
gcgaggacggtgcgctggaaaagaaggccccaccgtgttccaaacaagatctagaaaatatagttcgact
gctgtatacgtcggattcggcggataccatctacctcgacgctgccgttgtcgtcacgatgtggtacctg
tacgggcgtagctctgatgccgagcagctagagaaacatcagctctcaattcttcctggtaagtcttgaa
aggataattattgccattgttttatgtttctactgataaaaactatgcattattaggtggcgtactcttc
cttcgcttcaagagagttaaaacggctcttctccaaggcatttcgctgttcaaagacccgaaaaactttt
taacatgccctttattcgctatagctgcagcacttttaatgcagaaggctccgtgcaagcgcatgttccc
gcagttcgtggatacgaaacggagtgccgctaacgtggaggacgttgaagagctcagcctggtggagctc
cttgaggctgatgatgacccgacagcactggtcgaagccgagcaggtgtcggggaagcctaaagtccctg
gtgcgcaagcctatgtgaaccggttgttagtcagagtcaaagatattgccgcagcaacggacgttcgact
taccccagaacttacctctcactcgtttcggcgcggtgcggccatgcacgccaacgacggaagcctggcc
gagaactggattatcgagcggggaggctggcaacttgaccgtgtcaacaaagcctttgggtacatgctgg
gtaccacgcaagccgaccaaaacgttgcccgcgttctgagcggatggaagccgaaggaaggtgcccgcct
tccttcgctgtgtgcactcgacgaccccatccgtgagcgcgcaggtaaactgcaggccctagtcttctcg
agcacgctggggtttgacgacacagcactcaatcttgatgacggtgtagctgatgtcttgatggcgacac
tcgtgatgcactaccccgacatgctgatcctgtccgaccagagcgacttcattctccggatgcgagaagc
catggaagctcgggccataggagagtcggaggtgctggcttggagcgaaacaatccggcgtgccttcacc
cctccgcctcccaaggttgagccgcatgccaatgacgcccagtccgcagctgtagtagcgctgttaaagc
gccagtcggagcagatcgatgtcctcattctgcaaaacaaacggcttgatgaacgactgttagcagtgga
ggagcagcttcgagcacagtcagacgtagcagcaccaaacgcgcttgaaggagcttcaacgtcaggcggg
ctgagccctgtcaccgtgcagccaccggccaccaagtccgtgcgcccgaagaagaaaggttcgcagtcgt
tgtcggcactctggtacgagtggttcactgccgagcctcgtgtatacgcatcacgctctgtcaaaaagac
aacactgtacgagtttagacacgccgtaggatacatgatgctgttcttaccgaatggcttcgcactagac
gtagccgcctctgcgttcaagaacgaggtgctcaacatggggcagcaagcgcaagcgaacgctctcgcct
tcttgaaagcaaacggatcttcggctctcgctgccggcaccgcgttgaaggctctgckcaagctacacaa
gaccggcaaactcgatgccctgatcgctgacttccacgagcgcgtcaccaatggtgccatcsttgatcca
acccctgccgccgcacttccaaccttcattcgactacaaccaaacctgtaaaccttacatcatgatgcac
aacaatataaaacacaattaagtaaagacgatggccggattcgaaccggcctgcagcgaatgctgctcct
ccaccaagaggcaccgtcgcgggtaagtacacatgcaccgcagctaagccagcaaatagcagcagggcac
aaaccaggtaagagaaaaactggtagcatgtacgtacactgacagcagctgtccacaacgccgtcggcca
ctctcaacataccactgctggcctcgagcgccatcacctcgcccgaggccacgctgctgtccacgcatcc
accgccccgcacgaccttctgcacctccaccgccccgcgcggcaccacccccgagctgctgctactgctg
gcctcgagcgccatcacctcgcccgaggccatgcagctgtcctccttgccgccgacgcccgtcttgctct
tggtcctgctggcccgggggtcctctccacgcccgagcactcgtccgtattgccgctgcccgctgctgtg
tccggctccgaagctgaatgaatgaatgaaggggattcagttgagatgtcattataatgaaatagatgtc
actaaaatgttttgcttcagtaccggtactggttggactccttggtcggacagttggaattttgacggta
tgg
>CryptonS-9_PI	CryptonS	Phytophthora infestans
tatggatgaatatcattaaatctccgaccatacttgtttttactattaataatattatccaatagaagta
gagatacgagttaaaatgtcgtttagacgaatcaaatcatgtatcagtccgattttaggccaattattga
cggcgagagtacgtgatggcaagagaaccacgcctccgacgtatcaagtcggagggaccaccaaagatat
taatatccccctactaattgcaagtcatttgcatatttcgtaaataacctgcaggctccgacacttccga
ccgccaagaatgagtttaaaagacctcgcacctaccaacacgaagcgagctcgcgagtctgcagcacggt
cgttcaagaagtttgtagaggatgaaggcgtcacgtgggattatctggaagcgagcatgcagcgcgagaa
tgcagcgctaatcctagcaacggtggtcgacaagtttggcatgcatctagcctttaaggaagggcgcaaa
ggtcagctcttggcacgccattcagtgatgcagtactatcgtcaggccaagaattggcttttggagaagt
tcccccagcatcgagcagctcttgagaagactctacttatgaaaggacaagttttggaacgttattgcat
gaagagagaatcaggggttttcgtcaacaaagcgccggcgtgtaccaagcaagcgttgaagaagatgctc
gtttatctgtattcgacagcggttacctctgcggactaccaggatgctgctctgctctgcctactctggt
atctgttcggacgagcgtcagatctcactcttcttcacaagacaaacctatctgttggctcgggggacat
tttctttgtccgattcattcgtgtcaagacgtctgaagaacagggtctttcgctgtgtccggacgacgac
tttgccacgtgtccgcttcttgctattgcattggcacttattacacaggcttctcccagtgtatcactct
tgaaccagcttccagaacaacaagcgcgcgcgcatacatcgttgacaccgtcggccccgctgattgacct
gatcgatcaccccgaagacgtcgcgggagctgaatccatgcaaaacactgacagtgagaccaaagcgacc
gaagcagcatctggaatccacagctacgtcaatcgcgttttggagagagtagctaagaaggcaggtgtca
ctgagcgcttgacgtcgcattccttcagacgcgggggcgctcagcatgccaacggtgctggaatgtgtgt
gcagtggatcttcgacagaggagcgtggaatatgacggcgacaaacaaagcctttgcttacgtcttcaac
accccgtcagaagaccacaaagtcgctcgagtattgagtagtcatgaccctgagacgccagttcatctgc
tttcgctggacatcttcgattccgacacacagctgaagattcaatctgtcgcctcagcactctttgtcgc
ctcgtgtggtctggagacgtcacaacacaatgtcaatgaccgtgtacgcgacacactgatggcgtacctg
ttgaaacactatcctcagcttaagacacaagcgtcggatagcccggtgatccagcgcatcgaagcttgta
ccagagccaaagggttctcatgcaatgacttgctctcgtggtcatcgtacctggctcgagatccacgatt
atctgacgtaaagcaaagcgctgctgttcaagaaacgtcaaccgatttcaccaaacaccccatgtatctt
caccaagcatcattgattgagcagttaattcaagtaaatcagaagctcgacatgcgtctgtcggtaatgg
aggctaaggtttacaacaagcaagaaaagaaaagaacgtcaatcgagattagtcaagatgcggatacaaa
cacaccaccagtcaagcgacgccgtacctctggtgctgtcagactgaaagatgcgtggtttacttggtac
gcacaagaacctcgtctgtggtgctcgacggacgcttcaagcaagcatatgcgctcaaccaacaagcaga
ttgtcgccttcatgaaactatttcttccggacggctttgtactgaatgagaagttaccacaatacagaga
cgaggttatgaggcaaggaaccagagcagaggaagcgctgttaacataccttcgcgagcggggcatcaca
gctcgcggggcccaaaacgtgctgaagacaatgcgcaaactccacaagagcggccacctcaacgatcaca
taaaccgctataggcgccttcaagctggaggctgcatacaagaccctgctccacctcacacaacaaacat
attagatgtggtttcgaccacgtaattacgtacaactgaatttacgcgtcactccgtccattgattgcat
ttgtcggcttaatcctttaatcctgtcgctcattttcctttctkcctccacccgtatcatgccatccatc
aagcctgtcaagaacgctatcagctcgaccagagagttcaagaagctgtgtgtttctgcatccaagctta
acaagattcgggttagtgatgaagccatccgtcatctacgccttaccatgaatacgaccatcgcctcgcc
ggcgctacttcctgaagccatcgacgtcgtcatctcatccttggccaagcaaaagaagcggcgtttcggt
ctcgacgacgttcgagcgtggcttgtacccccctctgctgacgatgatctgtctgatagtgaggccgatc
aaaacgcggaagagaagcttgacggcgagaagcagcactacgttcgcaaactgctgaactggaagcgcga
aaaccgcagaacgtactacctggtggagtgggagccaacgtgggagccgcgcaaacatctaaaccgcacc
gtagtcgctgcctttgaaaaggagcgccgcctacttgttcgcaagaccttcattgaagacgaggctgtgg
aggacaacacgctgaataacaccgaggcataagaaacgataagggatagggagctaatacagggtgtatt
acgtgtttagtctcaatagctagttagtatacagtggtagtagtattgaacactaagcttaacctccaaa
tggaacagcaaagttcacctcgttacgatccaaacatgaatttaagtgcagcgctaaacacaaagcttat
ctccattcggaacggcaatgttaacctcaacgcaagctagcacaccacgcataaggagcagaggcggctg
catatcgcacatagacacatatacaaacatgaagagaaccataaggtccgggtcatgagatgacttgagc
actgcgaggaaaaaaatcgatagtgagcctctggtggcatttgcggctgcacaagccactcatttgaata
aaaccttggctgtggggttttacctacgtagccagtgattttattgtgtagttacacatagcgttgtcgt
aaaaagggctccgattcttgggtggggccctcattagtcaatttgccgtggcgagtgcacaagcctcccg
gcctaaaaacatgcataaatagaaaatatctgttttctcggcccacaggccgttttagcgcctgtgagtc
cggctgcatacttgcctacaaacggcctcaaaccgtctttttgcttacaacagatctcaatttagctccc
ctaccctaacacagtgttcacacaactttacgtaaattaacataaatgtagactgactttacccccgtcg
gagaaaatcggaggtcggagattttatgttatgg
>CryptonS-9_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggtagaatatcgtgtccgttcggacatctagaatttcgcattacaatagtacactagcgcttggcct
atcagaagactttctcatactttgtgagccaatcggcgtgcctcaaatctcatgctgtgccgtaagtaac
aaatcggacaattcggacatattttgtccgaacatctgaaaaatatttgatatttctatagttaaagtca
gtaagtcaaatattctgaaaatatcgtcaatattcggacacatattaattttgagggcgccagacagacg
aggcagcataaccactcaagaaacgactcatgtcgacgaaagcgctcatacctgggaactcccagcgggc
tcgctcgacggctctcaacgccttcgagcgcttcgcggtcgccgagggcttcaccgtcaacgccatctat
gagtttgtaggtggggattcaactggcgatactctctacattgttctcgacaaatttgcagtgtatttag
catttaaagaaagctcgaagggctcgctgctatccaagaactcggtcgccagctactttggcaacgtcaa
gaaccacctactcgagctgtttccagctttaagtgctgtatcgggtcgtcggctgcaaaagattgcgtca
atcctcgacaagtactgctccaagcgaggcacagactttacgcaccaggccccaccgtgcacgaaaagcg
acctgcgctcgctcagcttagcgatattgaagggggctgtatctgtgcaggactaccaggatgcagccct
tctcaacattctttggtatttgctgggtcggtcttcagacactatgtgtctcgtgaaaaaccaggtcgct
gtttaccctggtaagtacttgtctttttatttttcctaatttggttttgaccttgtgtatttttaatcgt
ggtacacaggtgggtgtctatttatcacctttaagcgcatgaagtctgcctcgtatcaaggagcgtcgat
ttttcacgacccaaacgatttttcgtcttgcccaattcacgcactagctttggctacaattatgcagtcg
actccaagcgagtttctcatggatcaacttcctcgggatacacaagagctcctgccgactgaaattggcg
aaacgccgctccgcgaactacttgatgcgcgtaccaggtccccagcaacctccaactctgagtcgccgac
cccaaaagcacctgcgaaaaaagcgacagtccccggaattcacgcgtatgttaatcgcgtactgcagaag
tggagtggtgtctgccaaaccgaaggtactaacctgacgccagggctatcatcgcattcatttcggcgtg
gagctgctcaaaacgcgaatagtgacagcaaaatcagcacaccttggattctagaccgtggaggctggag
catgagtgctgtgagcaaagcgttcaattatattgttggcacgacgcaggaagatcaaaccgtcggcaag
tcgttagctggatgggatttaaaagctagtccgcggctacctacactggacgacttcgatcctctggttc
tgcatcgaattcgcctacttcaagaccggcttttctcggctgcgaaggggttcacggagagactcagctt
gcgagatgatgtagtggacgtacttaccgccaccgccattctccactaccccgacatgcttcggcttagg
ccagagtcactgtacatcaaacgggttcaagaagcactaagtcaggtacaggcgacagaggctgaaattg
ctgcatggtcaatggctattcatcgtaccttacagccgtccaagaacgacactccacgcagtccggcacc
acggcgtgttgaagacgacgaactcttgcggaggcaaaccttgctcttggagcagcaggcgcagatcctt
ggagggctagcagccgaagtgaaggcattgaaccagcgggtgcagcggcttgagcacccatcggacgtaa
ccaccgctccgtcgacaacagcagctggtagcctgtcgagctcgtccagcgctttgtcggatactgcaag
cggcgcggcaactcgtgcgcattcgcgtgcgaagccactcgcgactgtgtggtacgagtggtttctgccc
ccgttgccaagcgcgcgtccaaaccggcggcgctatcacgagtgcaaggtggccgtggcctttatgcggg
tttttctcccagccggatacaacgtgaccggagatgaggtcacagcaaagggacgcatcctgagctcagg
acgggaggccgaggcaaacgttcttgctttcctggaggctgagaacgtgaaagcaaagtcgcatggcaca
attgttaaggttttgaagcggatgtatgctcaaggcaagctagacgaccgcatcaggaattaccagcgac
ttcagcaggaaggcaaggctcttgaagatgcaccggtgcatgttcttgagccctacaacaatcacagcac
aacgtaattgtagtcgcgatccagtgttaggtcccaacacatagttacatcatacatagattcattcacc
catctcgttatctacttacatgaagtgagtgtcacagtaggtgtccgccgtaggcatccctctcatgtcg
tcgaccccgctgttggccgccacctccaccacctcctcgtcctcctcagcccgctgctgctgctggcctc
gacggccgccaccccgcccgaggaccagccgcagtacgacccgccgtcccgcacggcgccgacatcccgc
acgtcttgctgctgctgcagctgctgctgttggccgcagtccccaagccgttgtccactaaacagccgct
gtatgacagaggattgcaaaagattttatgtgcaccacacttcacggagcatttaatagcatttagtttt
aaaggttgtccgaatgtccgagccgtccgaacctgcacggtatgg
>CryptonS-N1_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggatgaatatagtggtctttccgactgataagcgagcaggattgtttcaggcttgtcttcacctgaa
ttacagcctatcatatcgcctggtgtggatattttagccaatcgtctgcattagggttaggtgaacgcgt
tccgacactttccgacaaatatttgtcggaagactggcctaaatatgtatatgcgtatacaaaaatcaag
tacagaaaatactttttaaatagttttgccgttctgacaactaggattatgtcctagaataggacggagt
gaagttttgattggtgttcatttcaagatggcgatcaagtccgagagatgaagcccccacatgcatcggt
ggcgacgcagtcgcggcgaagggcaaggcaagatgaccatgacggcgagcgcgttgagcgttccaccgcc
acaacgctagctctacacgcatgaagcatccgtcgacgtggcgtcacacgcagccgtcggaggacgggtg
agcttgctgcagtacgccgaggttggctgaggtggtgctgcgcgggggcagctacgcgagtgcggaggag
acggtgagcgagatgatcaagcgcaggaaggagctgcagaaggctttcgcggctggcgacgtggcgaagc
tcatgggcgcgcgccgccgcatggagggtcacgaacgcggtcacacccgcggaggaccgcgaggctcctt
gccaagggcacgcacggagcaacagcgcatcgccgctgtccgcccatgatctgtaccttggagctggaca
cgccggcgctgcagctgtctgtgctcgttcgagcagggggatgttgagggcatgctccgcgtcatggacg
acctcctcgtgaccacccagacgctggacccgctgtcgcacaagttcctgccgcacgaggctaacgatct
ggacgagaagctgtcgaaggaggtgaaggtgatgaaggcgacggtgacgtcgtgcccggccggctaggct
gcaggaggtgaaccctatctgcacggctgccgtgtgggcactgtacatcacggaggtggccaaggaggac
agctcggtcacctgtacatcatgaccccgctactcgaatcgttcaaggtgctgcaccagtaggtcaagct
ggtgaagtctctgccgcgcaggatcggattgccaacagtggcagactacaaggcggaagtggcgatcgcg
gtgctgcgtgcctcaaagctggcacaatagctgaggaggcggtgatcgtagattggtgatcaaggtgatc
aataatatatgtagctacccttgcactttatcatcacctaacttttattgcatgtagctgcaagtaccct
gccattttcttcttcagttacctttttttacttacggtaactttagtttggtcaataaatcctagatgtc
ggaatatgtagggaagtcggaaccgtcgcgatatgg
>CryptonS-N2_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tctttccgactgataagtgagcaggattgtttcaggctggtcatcacctgaattacagcctatcatatcg
cctggagtcgctatttcagccaatgacatcggttagggttaggtgaatgcattccgacactttccgacaa
atatttgtcggaaggctggcctaaatatgtatatgcctatacaaaagtcaagtatagaaaatattttgca
aatattttcgccgttctgacagctaggatgtgtcctagaataggacggattggagttttgattggtgttc
attgcaagaatcgcgaccatgttcaagaaaggaggcccccacacgcgacccagcggcggccagagatcgt
gaccacgacggcgagcgcggagcgcggttcctgcacagtgccgccacctccgcgcacgcatccgacggac
ccggggcatgacgtctcgcgcggcgcaccggtcggggctggatggagcacgtcgagcgtgtgctactgca
gggcgctgcccatcgacgcgaagacggtgtgcgtgctcacgatgggcagcgatgaggtggtggtgcgcga
gggcaattgcatcggcgagagtggtgtgtcgggcgagatgatcaagagcgagcaggagctggagaaggct
gtccggtgagggaagcgaggatgagccgtgcaccaagggcaacaaggtcagcaggtgaacggcgctggtg
gcggtctacgacgaggtcgccggccggcgcacaacgtcccgggctccgtctccgtcgagggctgctactt
ccgagacgtcggccagctctactgttcgtgcggcagcacgtcgtgcaccatgccccccaagatcgtcagc
aagatgaccctcgtgaccgtgaataagatcggcggcgagccgaccaagcccaaggacaagaaggtggacg
ggtgcacgtggtcgcagggctccacgtcggcaagctcaaaagcggggcgtcggtctgtcaggctcatcca
gcgaggagtccaccagcgcaggtgaaatgggcggacccctgctgggtcctccatgcgcgtcgctgccccg
gacgagatggaggccaaggccaccgcggtcgtgaacgtgccccgcgaagggcaacggcccgtcatgacct
cgctggtgggcccgttcgaggctggtgaagtcgaatgagacgaacaggagtagcgttagactacgcgtgc
tgcaacaaccggcaagattgccgagatagcatcttagaaggtgaactgcagtaatatatgtagctatcct
tgtactctttgatatcttctactacatgtagtattagccgcatgtgcttccattcgacaccgtcacttac
tttaccatcttcaccgcagttgtattttggagagaacctaaatttggtcaatactttaagtaagagtcct
atttgtcggaaaatgtagggatgtcggaaccgtcgcgatatgg
>CryptonS-N3_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggataaatatcgtgacggtgccgacacatatgattttatacttagccactgtatggtggccatggtc
caatcaaatggcgatgaccgattattatcgaatgagaagggcgatagatggtattttatccaatcatcaa
cgttaggggtaggtgtatgagccgccgacactcctgccgacgtataatgtaggcagggctgtcgagatat
gttatccacctatagtgaagttaagtaattaggtgatcatacacatattttgcacggtgccgacacttta
ctttgactttgtattgcttctgtttgcctgttcgaagcgttctgtgtggcgctttcgcttgctctacaaa
ttcaaccgagtttcgtcggcaacgctattcccgaascagcactgtgtcatgkcgmaagctgctttgggtg
aggcattgccggtgacgctatggccactgccgctaaggtaccgccgtsaatgcatgtacgtgactccgca
gcagttgagagttcaaagtggtacatcagaattataatatattcamtgttataataaataactacagacg
tactattcgtgcawtacactgcagcaccaagcaacgccgcgcctgtagaaagcgccaccccaccatgcag
cggcggaggcaccagtcgcgccaccagtagcagcagtataaccacgtcctactcccccccaagmtcgmca
kcagcgagcgtgccccccgccgcacccggcgatcgacaactcgcagccgccggcgcaacgcgcacatccg
ctgctgctgcgggtgctgctggctgcagtggcggcactgggacgggkgcggctacgtctgctgcaggggg
gcgtggatcccgggttggctctgcagctccgcgtgctgtctgctgctctagcctccgcatcttctccatc
ttgggcaccttcttcttgttcttcttgtcccgcgtgatgtccagcgtgggtggtaagacatcgtctgcgc
cgccgccaggcgccctccaatcaatctcctcctcctagctcttgctctcggcgaacttgttgcctccgca
gtcctccgcgcacttggtggccttggtctccttgctgtcctccgcgaacttaaagcccttggtcccctcg
ccgtcctgcgcgcacttgatccctccgccgtcctttcgcgctcttggtcttctcgccgcccattcgcgct
cttgaggcctctgtcgccctctgtggccttcgtcagcacgccgtccttcgtgtcctcgccccctcgcttt
cctccacgctattggtgttctcgccctgtgccttcagtccatcgcgcttcctgccgtgggtttcctggtc
gtcctctctctcgtctggctggaggggcgcaccgccgtgccctcacactgggcgaggagagagggccagt
ttgctggcgatgacgagccatcacgcctgcgcatgcccgcacgccacgcacgcgtagcctggggaggggg
gggggcgtagcgcaggtcacggcgcaggtactgcactcagggtcgccgcagggtcgccgcccgcccgcac
tgaaatgggagaagtgtcaatgtagccctttagaccaatcatggaatttcatcattttcaccaatgatag
atcgtgtcggcaggtgtaggcagatgtcggcaccgtcatggtatgg
>CryptonS-N4_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggatgaatatcgtgacggtgccgacatacaagaacttgacttggccactgtatggcggccatggccc
aatcagatgtccaatacgttttttcagcgaataagcatccggtagatccctatttaggccaatcaacatg
gttaggggtaggtatatttgctgccgacactatgccgacgtataatgtcggcaacgcggccgaaatatgt
attcatcccataggaaatctaagtaataaggatataatatacatatctgttctgctgccgacaagttact
tagcttttgtattgcctttgacgagctgatttgagccgtttgcaatagcgtttcaaccattatcacgaac
tcaatcgagtttcctgggcacgcctatcgacctacccataacatgaacaagcagcactcagtgagagctg
ctcattcaggagtgtcgctcaggcggagcttgctgcataccgcacgagcgaagcgctaggatccaatgca
gaatatacaagaaaaccattaatttattccatttawtatcaataacttattcctactcaagagtactaga
cgctagtggtggggtgtgactgcggagcattccacctgcagcgataccccaccaacagtgccagtccaca
cagcagcagcagcaccccaccagcgtcgtgttgttggtgccaacaccagcacgcaagccgcagcaagcca
cagcagccacgccctcctcctgctgcacgcttccctatgctcgtcgcctcccagcaggtcgctgcgccct
tgcgctcgtttccctccgctcgatgcccttaccgccctcgccttggcggctaccctccccatcgccccac
ctccggtccgccgcctcttgccgttcgctccggttctcctcctcctccttcccgccgtctatcctccacg
gcgcggccgtcttgtcctgcgccgccatcctggtgcccaccgccctgcttcaggtaaccgtcatcgtcgt
gctgcgcgccatcttcctagcctccaccgcggaccactcgcccgccgtcgtgcagcctaccgccgtcctc
ccagacaccacccacatcttggcaggcggaactatgcagccccccccccccccctttttcgccgacgtcc
ttcggctcgccgccctccttgatgacgccgcgctcctccatccccgctcctcccacccgccgtccttgcc
tgcatcttggaattgacatttgagtcaaatgatttgaccaatagattaaccgctcaactaaatgcttatt
tctaccaatcacgacgctgtcggccactgtcggccgctgtcggcaccgtcatggtatgg
>CryptonS-N5_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggtagaatatcgtgtccgttcggacatctagaatttcgcattacaatatkacactagcgcttggcct
atcagaagmctttgtcakactttktgggccaatsggcgtkcmtmaaatctcatgttgcgctgtaagtagc
aaatcggacaattcggacatattttgtccgatcctaagaaaaatatttgatatgwtcatagtgaaagcaa
gacaatctcatattttaaaaataccgtgctmgttcggacakatatcgatttgggcagggatcctgcaatg
caktggggtcgccgtcaccaagaagmgcttggtgttcttgcggtctsaatgctgcasgwgcacacctcac
tccagcagaaaagcaacgckcatccacwamgtcattacataataaawacgtatggattttactttagtat
tgcgtgctacatctcttaattcgcgctcctccttgcgcacttaacctggtccttaaacgctagagcctgt
gcgttctcctcagcttctctagctcttctgccgcgctcttatcgacaagcagctaccgctgcacctgctg
ccgcgcgaccgtcccgcgtctcgcttccgtcttctgctgctgcctggtgcgcttgcactagcggccgccg
agatgttcctctccttcacagtgccacctacacggccgctccgccgtcctgcgtagcgcccttctcctgc
tccagctgctgcctcgttgccgtcatgacgttctcaccctcctccacttcggcttcttgaccacgagggc
catcaccgcagccaaggcccagccgccatcctgcacggcgtcctcgtcctcatcctgctgctggcctcga
gggccaacaccccgcccgaggactagccactgtccgccccgcctccacgcatgacgcccccacttgagca
tgctgctgctggccccgagggccccaccactggcggcggacgcccgcccgacgccaatccactgtmtacg
ccgccatcgtccttcctgcaactcctgctgccgctagccgcggcagcggacactcctccctgtcaaaccg
cagtccatgccaccgccgtgtccgtcctgccgctgtgctgctgcaaccgctggccccgagsccgagcacc
tcccccgmctmgggggcacgagaccgagagccaccacttgccttttgctgtgtgtttttcagtgtgcgcc
acattatcactgttaaaattcatatatcaaatcctacaattgtccgaatccaattttcggacatgaaatt
gtccgaacctgcacggtatgg
>CryptonS-N6_PS	CryptonS	Phytophthora sojae
tatggtagaatatcatcaaatctccgaccgcacttaagatgataggtatacaaatccccagtcaagcgcg
gtcggagcataacagtattaccctaccccttcccaaagtgttatgcatacacagtccaagatagattagt
cgtcccgtttgctcattggtcggagccttgggatggatggcacggagcgagcgtagcgagcccccgcctg
cggtttgacagtccgtgtgcgtagcacgcggctgcaaacccaggacccagcagtgctctacctagcaagc
ggaggcgacgcgtgcgagccgcagcgggcttagggttctggcccagcgagcgcagcgagcctttaggggt
tttaggttcgcgcgtagcgcgtagctgggtgatagttaaaggtgacccccctcctatccgcatgttttgt
gtacgagtcggagaaagtcggagggtcggaggtttttgggtatgg
>CryptonV-10_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
tttaattttaattttacaaaagagttggaaaatgacatcggaaaagaagctactgatatgataagtaata
cgataaatgatttgacagattatggaccaaatgatagcgatagttcagatggtacagaaactgcagaaat
taataataattcagcatcaacttcaaatagtaatactactttttataaatcttccaagaataacacaata
atagacacttcttctgatatatctttaaaacttaacgtacaaggattttctgcttgcgatgatgcttatt
tgtatgttgaaaaatcgcaaggtcctaaaggtcaaggtaaaacaaatttttgtttcttttgtaacaaaat
gcaaacaaaaatagctcgacatttagaaaatgtacataaagatgaggaggaagtaaaaaagtttagattt
ctgccaaagggtaatgtagagcgtaaaaaattgatagattctttaagaagaaaagggaattttttatata
atgtagatccacaattcaatactggaaatttaataacatgtagacgaccacaaaagaaattaaaacgtga
tgctacagactttgcaccatgtatcaaatgtaaaggtttttttgctaaaaatagccttagacatcactat
aaaatttgtaatcaaaacaagaaacaagaagaacaaactgtaaaatcaacattaactctagcacgtaaaa
tagttggtcgaattcataaagatgcttgccaacaattacgagagtatgttttaccaataatgagggaaga
taatatagtaagactaattagatacgattccgttattattaaatatgctaataaaatgtgcaaaaaatat
agtttacaacatcaacatgatatgataagagctcatctcagacttctgggtcgttttttaattgctttga
aggaaattaatcctgaaattacggattttgcatcactttacaatccaaaattttatgattcagcaatcag
agcggtaaatatagttgctggcttaaatgaaacaacatatatatacagaactcctactgttgcttccaca
cttggcatttgtataaaaaagataggtcaaattttagaaagtgaatatattaaagaacatgataaagtaa
aaaaagaatatgttcatgactttctgtctcttcttgaagaagattatggctgtactgtaaataaagttgt
actaggaagatggctgtactgtaaataaagttgtactagaaagtcggattgcaaaaaagcgtaatgaaaa
agtgatactaccattgaaaactgatattgctaaattgaatcaatatataacaaatttacgcgaaaaatca
tataagatattacaacataaatttacatataaagcttggttaactttagcgaaaactactcttatttaca
ttcaaatatttaatcgtcggagagcaggtgaaacagaacgattattaataagtgatcttaaaaaatctga
aaaaattgatgaaagtgatgagcagtatcgaaaattacatccagaagacaaagaaactgcggcaaagtac
agacgcgtcattattcgtgggaaactcacaagattcgttccattattattagattttgaaatgcgtaaaa
gcttaaaagttattttaaaattccgaaagaatgcaggtgtttcttctaaaaatccatatgtattcggaat
tcccggatatcataacaaacgtcataagtatctcagagcttgtatgttattgcgtcaatttgttcatgaa
tgtgatgctaaacgtgcaaaaacattacgtggtactattcttcgaaagcacattgcaacaacatgtgcga
gtttagatttgccagaaaataa
>CryptonV-11_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
atttcaatcaacatttacaatattttaattattttagattctcaaaataatgataacttttctgactcac
acagtgaatataatttatctgaatattcatctgaagaagatgatgaatatatctcaaacaatacatctgc
aaataaaatttcaagaaaaagtgattctttcaataattctggattaaatatttcattaacaaataatatt
catagtaaatcatcgcgcaatgatgaagaaatgtatattgaatcagctccaccaaaaggatctaaacgta
cttttagaaaacatttctgcttattttgcaaaacgtggcaatccaaaattagacatttagagagaaaaca
taaagaggaaaaacgagtaaaagattttagtgacttaccaaaaaagtctagcaaaagaaaaaatttaatt
aatatgttacgaaaggaaggagatttttattataatattaataatgacgtgaatagtggtgaattgataa
tttgcagaaaacctgctgaaaaatctaaaaacactgcgcaagattatactgcttgtccaaaatgtaaagg
attctttaataaactaaatttaaggcaccatacagcacattgcattgatcaaaaacgtaaaggtattaaa
gtttgtaatgttcttagtcggcaaataatgggtagatacgcaagccaagctgataatattttacgccaaa
tagtaatgccacgatgtcgtgacgacagaataacgcgtcttattcgttatgatcaattaattatggaata
tggaaataaactttgtctaaaatatccatctcctcatcatcatgatatgatacgacagcaattgagacaa
ctcggtcatttcctttcagaaattaggcagcattgtcaagatatagatgacttgtcatcagtttatcatc
caaaatattataaaatatgtatcgatgtcataaacattcttgctggttttgatacttcaacaaggactta
taaaattccgtcattagcaacgtcattaggcactttattaaaaactacaggaaaaacactaatttctttg
acaatatttgaagataatgttgtaaaacaaaaacaagtagaacattttttaattttgttaaataatgaat
atggtccagcagttaataaagttgccttagaaacgcaagagcaattaaaaagaaaaaagaaagttatcct
tccttcctgacgatataaagaaattggacaattttttaaaaatgcaacgtactatagctttgaataatct
aaaacaaaagtattcattcaaagactggctaaagctctctgaaagtacattaatattaatacagttgttt
aatagacgaagagcaagagaaatggaaaggactttaattgaaaattacaaaaattatataaaaattgatc
cagagacaaatatggatgcgtttaatgcactttcgcttgaatgtcaaaaaatagcgatagaatatgtgcg
gtttacaatacgtggaaagttcaaccgtactgtatctgttttattgaactctgaattacaagaatgtgta
gaactaatccttcaatacagaaagaatgctggtgttagctcaacaaatccttatgtttttggtattccca
atatagatcttcgtaaacagacataattaaaagcatgtgatctaatgcgcaaattttcaattgaatgtgg
agctgatcagcctgaaactttacgagatattactctacgtaagcatgtagcaacattaggagttaacctg
aatttgacagataccgagatatcggaccttgttaattttatgggacatgaggaaaaaattcatcgtgaac
gttatagaatgccaatagttcatcgagaaatttt
>CryptonV-12_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
caaaataaagaaagtagtgaatcggaatatataccatcttctgatgaagatgagcaaaatgcattgaatg
atgagttgccgcaaaaacgcatatcaataaacacaactaaaacttcaaattcaagtttagatgcctcact
aattaataatggtgcagctacatgcaacgatgagattatgtatgtcgaaacatctaatctgaaatctgga
aaacgaaatttttgtgttttttgtgcaaagttgcaaacacaacttgcacgacatcttgaaatggtacatc
ataatgagccggaggtaaaaaagtttgctagtttacctaaaaataatccagaaagaaggaaaattataga
tactttgcgaagaaatggcaattttaaattcaatacaaattctcatgtaaatgacggacgacttattgta
tgtagacgacctaataaaaaatatcacaggctcgctacagatttcactgcttgtgcaaaatgtaaaggtt
ttttcgcaaaatcgacaattcgtcaccactctcgacattgttttgagaaaaattttaaaaagaatcgttg
cgttatgattataggtagaaaagttacgtgtagattacacccaagttacgtgtagattggcaaatagtgt
gttaaggaaaacagtgtttcctataatgagggaagataatgttacacgtcttatcagatatgatgaacta
ttaattttatatgcaaataagttatgcataaaatacaaagctcaacaccagcacgatatgattcgtgcta
gattacgtgttcttggacgctttcttttggctttaaaagaaataaatacaagtgtggaaaactttacatc
ggtctatcatccgagagtgtacgatgattatatcggtgcaatcaatgtagttgtaagatataataatgag
aaaaaatgtatgaagctcctgcagttgcagcaaatttatcaactttaatcaaacacattggaaatctgct
tattactgaatgtataaagaaagaaaacgcagaaaaaaagaaactggtcaaagatttcttaaaattatta
actgttgatataacaacaagtgtcaataaaactgtattggaaacacagtcgactcaaaaaagacataaaa
aaaagacataaaaaagtcaatctaccatcagtggacgacataaaaaaattgtataaatatttagaaaaaa
aacgaattgaggcttttaacatgctacaacaatcttttttatattgcaactggctttctttggcagaagt
gacactgatttctatacaagtttttaacagacgacgagcaggagagattgaacgtattcttatcaaagat
tttcaaaattatgaaagacttacaaaaatatgtacggcgatatttataactcattatcacaagagcataa
aaagattgctgaaaaatatataagattttgtataagaggtaaattaggacgtacggttcctgttttgtta
tcaaatgctttatttgaatgcattaatttaattataaaatatcggagggaagcaaaagtatctgaaaaga
atccttatatttttggattatccggtgataataaaaatagatatagatatctcagagcctgcgttttgat
gcgaaaatttgcagatgaatgcaatgcaattcaatctaactctttacgtggtacagtgctgcgaaaacat
gtggcaacatattgtatacaactaaatctcaatgatattgaggtctcagatcttgctacatttatggggc
attctgagaaaatccataaaaatcattacagacaaccattggtaacaagagatatactaaaaatttttca
atacttggaagctgtccaaggaaatcaacattcaagtgatgaatcctcaacagaaagtaatttagataac
gaatcgctaaatgatcaattaaaagagaacagctttgaaatggaagaaagagaaaatatatatttaggta
attatatgtctatattttta
>CryptonV-1_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
tctctttgtttttctttgatactagataatgataacgacaaaagtaatgatgaaggttcagaatatatac
attcagaacacagttctttacatagtgaatctcctgaaaaccaaatgccaattgttaatagaactgtttc
atccacttccagttttgatacatcaaatacaaatgttgttggtacatcagcatgtaacgatgaagttatg
tgtgttcaaaagtcaaatataaaatcgaaacaaaactattgtgttttttgtatgaagttgcaatcacagc
ttgcacgacatttggaaacagtacatcttaacgagcctgatgtaaaaaaatttgccattctgcctaaaaa
aaacccggaaaggaagaaaataatagatactattagaaaaatgggtaattttaaatttaacaccaactca
gaatttaatactgggcaattaattgtatgcagacgtccgaatgagaaaactaataagactgctaaagatt
ttgttgcctgtgtaaaatgtaaaggatttttcgcaaaaagcacaatacgtcatcatgctcgagtttgtct
taacaaagattttcgaaaaaataaaaatattatgattatgggaagaaaaatcactggtagaatacattca
atagcaagtgagtgtttaagaaaaacagtgtttcctgttctgcgagaggatgacgtaacacgtattgtga
gatatgacaaattattgataatatatgcaaataagttgtgtgttaaatacatatctcaacatcagcatga
tatgattcgtgcacgattgcgtctactaggccgttttcttatagcattaaaagagataaatacgaatgta
gaagattttcagtcgctgtatcatccacaaatatatgacgactgtatttcagcaattaatgtagttgcag
gatatgacaatgaagaacaactttataaaactcctgcagtagcagctaacttgtcaacacttattaagca
tataggaaatcttctcattatggaatgcatcaaggctcaagatgaagagaaaaaaaaattagttaaagac
tttttaaagctgttagttgtggatataggtacgagtgttaacaaaacagtcctcgaaacccagtccgcac
ataaaagacacaagaaaataaatctcccgtcattagaagatattaaaaaattatacacacatttggcgaa
aattagaactgaagcatatgcagcattaaatgagtccttttcatatgagaagtggatttccttagcagaa
gtaacattaacttcaacacatgtctttaatagacgacgagcaggagaaattgagcgagccttgatagaag
attttgaaaattatgaaaaagtaaataaaaatatgtacagtgatatttataaatcattatcgatggaaga
tagaaaaatagcagagaaatatgttcgattttgcatcagaggaaaactgggacgcacagtacctgtttta
ttaacaaatgagctctttgattgcatcactttaatcttgaaatatcgtgaaaaggctaatgtaccaaaga
aaaacccttatatttttggactacctgctgtcgacaaaaatagacaccgatacctgagagcctgtgtttt
aatgcgtacatttgcagaacaatgtaacgcaaatcaatcaactactttgcgtggtacaacattaagaaaa
catgtagcaacacactgcattcaatttaatctgaatgatactgatgtttcggatcttgccacatttatgg
gtcatgctgataaaatacacagagatcattacagacaaccaatagcaagcagagatatactgaaaatctc
ccgctatttagaagcagtatcagaaggaaatacacaaaatataaatgatgaatcgatgtcggacagtgat
tttgaaatagaagataacttagttgaagttaataataataatactgatgaaacaagtaatgttatttgct
taaatcattatgtaagacgtagaatttataacactaatatttacattatttacatttttaattggtttta
tgttggtttgatgcttatttatttcatacttaaatattctttttgtatattattt
>CryptonV-1_CGi	CryptonV	Crassostrea gigas
tatttcttatatttttatgaatttgctaaatttaagtacatcagtagtgaactttatagaaacatgagtt
ttgctatttgtcagattgaattaatacaattccttttgataggggttctagtgatacagatgacaatgca
gttcattccttgctacatttgaaagattcatccaatcctcccgattatgtcagtgacagtaatgattctg
agagaagtattgttgtgccaatatctatccctttggaaactatcactgtacagaaaaccaacacagagaa
aggaaagcagaaatgggacaaaaaacatgcatgcaaattttgtggaaaattgtacccaaaactggctaga
cacttggaaacaatgcacaaaaatgaagttattgtagctaaggctctttccttacccaaaaacagtgccg
aaagaaaagaaatttggaaaacaataagaaatgaaggagactgggatcacaacttcaacgttctgaaaaa
tggaactggaacattaataccgaagtatagagagcagaagaccagagcacatagtgaatttataccatgt
agtggttgcaagggtttgtactccaaaacttcattgagtgatcattttaagacatgtgttagtaagcaga
ctgataaaaaaaatcaaggagtgaaagaaggtcgttttttactacctattccagaacatattaatggagg
attttacaaagatgttttattatccatgtctcaagatgacatttatatgtatatatatcgcgatccactc
atactgaaatttggaaagcgcctgtatgaaaataaggacatccaggaacatacatctaaccacatcagct
gcagaatgagagaactaggcagactaattggagaagccaaaaagacacctgaatggggtatccagaagat
tgaggattgttttagtcctgagaaatttaacaatgttgtgtcatgtgtgaagtcccttgctggatttagt
gaagatacacatatgtatgcaactccttcacttgcactgaaaatagggtatagtcttcaacgatgtgcaa
ggatttatagatcagatggaattattgagtcagatataacaaaacaagagaatggttcagctttcattca
gttgtatgagtctgattggaacgatctcatctcttcccgtgcacgacaaactttgagtgagaaaaagtat
aatgcgccaaaaatgttacctctatgcgaggatgtgtacaagcttaattcctacctaaaagaaaaaatca
aagaacttttgatgaaattgtcgaatgattcagctttctacattgagctggcaaagatgacgctatgtca
cataactctctttaacaggaagcgtggaggcgatgtgcagcgtattactgtagacaattacaagcaagct
attgaagcacaaaacagtgttccctacgatgacgaacttaaatcaagtttgtcagacgtggaaattgagc
tttgtcgttctttgactcgaattgaactcaaaggcaaacaggaaagaaaagttgcaatattacttactcc
agagatgattaaatgcattgatctcttaatgcagaaaagaagtgatgcaaatgtatgtggaaaatattta
tttgctagaccatcaccctccacacgaacactaagggcaagtgacgtattgaatgaaatatgtgggaaaa
tagaattgcgctatggaaacattataacctatacaaacctcagaaaacacattgccacaatggcacaaat
ccatgagcttagtgaaaacggtcaggatcagttagccaaattccttggccatgacataagagtccacaga
gaaatttatcggcaaccattggatatcattcaaaaaacaaagatctccaagatgttgatgctaattaacg
aggggaaaaatgtcacagagatgctctttaataatcagggtgagttgttttctttaaatgatataggcat
atagacagggaaggattcagtgttgtgaatagattattaaaatgaactcatttgttatatttcaatggtg
attatttattcctcctgtgcaagtttgatctatagacttttgataacatttgattttagatttggtttag
tatagtatgtttattgtggactgttgtactgtaa
>CryptonV-1_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
ttcttgtttttatatcccggtggggacttaaacctgaatgcacaccgcctcatggggactcatgtcaccg
tggggacctaaattgaggtccccacgggcaaagcctcactagcccctcccaaatggtgttaggacacacc
ccatgcattttctctaatgtcctcttggggatcattttcaagagaatattctgtgtgactgtgtatctat
gcgcccctgggggtcacacagaatattgcagtccccaccacgtcattgttctggaaaagtgtgtcacttt
gtctccactctatagcgcccccttacttgtcttcaattattacattaactgttgatggaccagcataaaa
actatttaatacattacattacaaggcatcaactgattagaatatattagatatgttaaaaaattatgct
ctttatgcaatttattgtagatctaacaacagattccaaatatccattatgtgttcaggatataaatatc
cattattgataaataaatcaaaaggagcatagccagtatttcactcttgcattaatacattaccagttaa
ggttaaaatattttagtgtggtttattgtaatactcagttcatatgcaatggtattactgtatgcatcta
tatttaaaaaactaaagtttggctttgcctagattagcctacattttattaaaataaacacagggtttat
ttcttccttcagactttaatgagaaaatcactattgactgtaaatgagaacacagagaacagacttgtgt
ccttatggagacctatagccaggttagcttggaagaatgaatgatgcgagaacacagaacataaacagaa
tatacctggcccggctgaaccatgttactaataaacatgggtcaaaaaattaagttttgacctactgtta
ggttgaattggtcggctacagtaggctacatctgtctttgtgaagtttaagcatgtgaacaatgtgaaat
aaatagatctgaataaagtttaaaaacctgttccagcatcaagacagggctgctatagggaatgagcaag
tataggggcaatggctgattcaagcatgctatagtgtctgcgttacacaaggagcagcaaaaaggccaaa
gtgcaggaccggtcatcacagtacacaagttttagcttagtccttttagcagagctgttaatggatatag
catctgcttcaagagggccagtacttcttacatcaggtgcctggacatgatgggcttctgccataaacak
agcagcacattgacttctgtgattccaaatgttaaatgtctacagggaccaaatcgttatggttttttac
cctcacaagggttacataaatcctggaaataatgaacaatgtctctttatcacaatagtctatgggaatt
tacatgtacagtagatttacatacataaaacattttatttctaagttaaggatttctgtatattctttca
agaattatgggagtattaaattatggaagacacttttatgccatcctaaaggtggatctagcttaagaga
aggcagtagcaacagaagtgctgacatggtttcagaccttgtctagaacattacaactaagtgtgaaaag
agagatagtttgcttttattttaaggatgccgttaatgagcttcaaaattaatacagactgtttctcagg
acatcaaggagaacaacagctctgaatcactttctgttctgttttacacctttcatttcaatcacttcta
agtatctaagtaaactgtgcatttaaataacacattaataacagtaaacaacttcagttacttctggtgt
tgtgttgaaataatttgaaactagcaggaagaatcaggttcatggacctacagtatgaggccatctttag
atgtcagctctctccctccacacagtaaagtgtagataggatacaaggccggccggaactgcaaatacac
atcaatacagaagcattttttatgacactgtataacaataatttatatttttacagtactgtgacggtta
gggtggttgtagacattaatgaaatactatttattgggtaatttaatagataatataaatcatattcgtt
aacttccggccacaaacgtatctgatccagcaacaacccctccacactcttgcttcactcgctctgctgc
tagactctctttaagagcagtgtaggtgctgtgaggctctctggagctaccatcacgtaagctattatac
ctgctcaggaatattcccacaaaccatttcattttgccacactttctattagataggcctgtgatgtgct
ggtatcagtagttgaagatgaacaaaccattttaagggccttgcatttatttaggcctgtttgccttaaa
gaataccataaagatgtagttagatggtattacatgctcatattaaattgactggacatattaaagagtt
ttgataatgatgttcagataagttgcaataaacagtagtttattcccttttaataataaagtaatggatg
tatgtaggtgtgcatggtcaatgcatcacatctaatacatttatgtggtccaaaatgttaaattaccaaa
tgttggtattataataaaacataatggacacataatggcagtttattccgctatggcgaccccaatcagg
gactaaacatgaatgaatgaatgaatggaaacataataaaacacatgttgtattatttacaccctgacag
caggattgaatgcctttatttattacaagtgtttgtaatagttaatgaattttttttttgtgaattcttt
aatagttctaaatgggatccatttatttatgtgttgtcagaatacagcatttaataataagggggttctt
tgtatcttaattataactttttttcgttaagctattaaaattccctttaaccataatgcatttatttagt
tagagcaaatatgttcgggtaataagctgaataatttcgagtaaaagttcgactgacacattagagctgt
cagtgctggattgctgctgaaggccatccgctgtgtatgcatgcgccagaccgcggttcagtcggcgacc
cgcgctaaagcagcgcgggagagtgtgtgacattacacgtgaccggagattttgcgtccccaccgcgacc
atcccctcccccccacacacacacacctgcgacacagcaggacagggtcagagaggatgctgtgagtaaa
ggcgcgaagacgtcaacatgtctgaaggacaggtaagtttatgatttgtacgatcacttcaatatattcg
aatgtttatgtttatgtattgtttgcaactatattatatcataaaaatcgcgttattttatgtctcaagc
gcttttgataatcggcataatctcgaagctgctttgcagaaagtacagattaatgtatcaaactgacaat
aatattagttagggtaactttaactgtaacgttaaagttagattcttacgatcgcgttttaagccaaacg
ttggaattgctaagagattttgcaatttaactgtacattaaacgtttactgtatttgcgtacatttacgt
ataatcttcgtttacttttgaaatattgtttgaattcatgttcttgccagactgcatatttttaccaaga
tgttttgatcattgttgttattgttaacgttagcggcctgcacgtgcagcaggcctctggccaggcaaaa
tctatttacttttatccacaaaaataggaatgttgttcttcagtaatgcaagagacaatttaaattaatt
cagtacaatatttctagttttataagggagttttctagattaaaaaaatgctaattttcagtcaaatgtc
atgaatatgtctagtcttatttcacagtgttgaatatttaattattgtcaaattatactacagtattgca
gttgtaatgacagtataaggtaatgttagagcatgatgtttgactgattatcacacttgtgcttgcaggg
cgataaaagtgacagatactctggatgcacaggtaacgttaagatcatgaattgtcctgttagctagtac
tcaaaataatccttacatataagaatcatactccactttttgagccagactaacctgagtttaactttgt
tagagcacaacctttaaataaaagaaatatccagcataatcgtgcattattttaatggttaactaaacat
agacattattttttaagtgttctgtgtgttgttgataaggcttttgctaagtcttctggatttgttatcc
tatagtgatatttattttaagggttttagaactgtaactagtacaaggaaacaaaccaaaaatgtattga
agttttactgaaaggaatgttttactttagtatgaacagccatattggcattgttcattgtcaacctgaa
taacattcctgtcatctgtgacagaatttgcagtggatgaggtgacagcttgtgctaaagaagagacaaa
ggtaagcagccactagtgattcatagaactgtatttttcaacatctaaactctccaaagccatcacaagt
cattagccgcatttctatggagctagatttgtttttttattattcaatcaaaaatatttagttttaaagt
aaaattaagtatgttgtaattaaagaattaaagatttcaaataaaaaacacgtttaatttaaaaaacttg
tgccaatgataataaaatattttggattgcaaaaataaacacttgtcctattatgcagttaccacaattt
tcattgcatactcattaattttgctctcttttctgctgtcttttattgcacatctagaatctttgcttgc
aggttgaaatattttgcttgtgagttgaaaagttttgaacccttgaatgccggggttaaatttgtgtctt
tattactcaaacaaacatatgaagtttgaccaaaactaggtagaatgcaattaaaaaattaaagatttaa
aataataaaaaaacatttatttaaaaaaattcacactgcaaaaaataaactattgccatgttatgcggtt
accaccagattaatgcactgtgtgctcatttattttgctttcggttttgtttcattttttgcgaatctaa
aatttttgcttttgagttgaaaagttttgcgagttgaaaactgcagctcagtgggcgggatcttctgaaa
caccttattctattagtcatcttgattgaggtcacagattggccacgcccattacattttcgcgcggttg
gaatggactgccttgccttctgtgacaggagcgagctatggcgagcagcaggtcttcttcaaggtaggtt
aactgaaactgtataataacttgtgtattaccatacatatttcccatctaaatatgttacgactgctagt
attaaactctgtccagtcagattagctgtaagtccaccaatataatctggatgcagatgcgatggagaac
acagttgtgcacgtctcagctgtgcacatacttttgaacacatgtattgttttatttatatatatatata
tatatatatatatatatatatatcttgcacatatttcatctaatgttagtcaatcgagagtattcatcaa
tatcactgactagacagagtttaggaaaatgtggatggtaatatacaagttattatacttaccttgaaga
agacctgttgctcgctctggtcactaaaggagtccagtacaatcgcgtgaaaacgttatatatatataca
tgagatggactgtaaactcatttttaaaaggtagatttaggtcgctgccacgattttatgttaaattata
gctgacaggcattttttaacatccctactactactgtattattacttaaaccgtataccgtataaaaaat
acgtatatgttggcaaatgcactactaaataaatgtatcttctacacatgtcttccacataaaaatataa
tttatacagacacatgctatagtgctttactatactgcagtaaagtgtattataccatttatgtaacagt
atttttgttattaaaagctacagctgggaaatattttagctgaattaataaaataaaataaaacatttat
atttcttcaatgcaaaataaattccagaaagggaaacaataaatgtataaaaaaatacatttaaaatcac
ttataaaaagtcaaaatctactattgtccaaatccgacacaattccagaaaataattcaacacacatcag
gtggtgattgaagagtttagtgaataaatgtctggtcagtcagtgcagatgttgatgtctaagtagacaa
tgcagatggagacgcctgtggaatcattgtggatgttgattcgttgatttaagacagtgtagatgtaaac
gtctgtggagtcagcgcagatgtggacatcggaggagtcaaagcagatgttttacgcccgctaagactga
gtgatcaacctgtaaggataaattgaagaaacagatgagaaaattgttctgattaatgtaatatttataa
tccacatatctctcgtgtctatgtattgttgttttataaatacatttttactttacaactgatttatacc
agttcctttaaagaccaaatatttgcaataatgcctaaacaaattatatagcgaagatcacctgcaaact
gccctgttacttttcaaaacgacttcaacattgtatattgtgttactaacatttgcaaactctttactaa
catggtttatcactcagtaactgagcattttttaaggaaatcagaaagcttattatgaagtgtgcacctc
tccaacgttaattctttactaacataattgttcctgatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatccagtaaaatcattaattactgctttgtaataaacccaaagatgtt
agtaacacatcagttataatgttgggttagtggtaagtcagtttacaaatgtagcgtgttgaagtagtgc
acattttacaacaatgttcctaattccctcaactaatgctttgctagagataaatcatgttagtaaaaag
tctacaaacatgaatgacatgcctgttgaagaatgtgagctgttcagtatttgctgcattaagtaacatt
actatttgtataagtttccgttaacaaaaatgtagtattactgaataaatgctgtttatttagttatgtt
atctagtcagtgaacaaatacattattgtatttgtccataaacattggctaattacatcaagctgttaat
ataaggagatacaatagaacatgactaagttaacgttaccaaagtttatgctaaacaaactcgttcacca
tcattttttaacttatgcattaatatgtttagttaacattaacaaagattaattattgcttaacagatat
cctgttcataattaattcaagttaactaatgtatgaactaacatttatatgcgaaacgaaatatactaaa
taaatatttgtcacgtttgtaatgaaatatacatacactgagttactacattttctaacagtggagaata
aatatgatgctccagttcaaagagacagtagcttttgtctggaaactaactgaagattaatgggttgccg
agaatgtatcccagtctgtttgcagacctactgtacacctggccatcatctacagacaaaaagcctgact
ttaataatacatcaatgtatattttccaaaatacactggccttgcgttgccctttacaactgtacagtac
tgatggccgacagctaatgttagtttatcgagagaattcaaaaatatcactgactagacagagtttaata
ctagcagtcgtaacatatttagatgggaaatatgtatggtaatacacaagttattatacagtttcagtta
acctaccttgaagaagacctgctgctcgccatagctcgctcctgtcacagaaggcaaggcagtccattcc
aaccgcgcgaaaatgtaatgggcgtggccaaccggtgacctcaatcaagatgactaatagaataaggtgt
ttcagaagatcccgcccactgagctgcagttttcaactcgcaaaacttttcaactcaaaagcaaaaattt
tagatccgcaaaaaatgaaacaaaaccgaaagcaaaataaatgagcacacagtgcattaatctggtggta
accgcataacatggcaatagtttattttttgcagtgtgaatttttttaaataaatgtttttttattattt
taaatctttaattttttaattgcattctacctagttttggtcaaacttcatatgtttgtttgagtaataa
agacacaaatttaaccccggcattcaagggttcaaaacttttcaactcacaagcaaaatctttcaacctg
caagcaaagattctagatgtgcaataaaagacagcagaaaagagagcaaaattaatgagtatgcaatgaa
aattgtggtaactgcataataggacaagtgtttatttttgcaatccaaaatattttattatcattgacat
aagttttttaaataaacgtgttttttatttgaaatctttaattctttaattacaacatacttaattttac
tttaaaactaaatatttttgattgaataataaagaaacaaatctagctccatacatttccactgttgggc
tagtgcgagccagggcttttatcgggccgggctgagccaatagtcmgagagcttgagcagtgaggctgaa
attatgtcgcgtttccactgtcaggccaatgactcgcagtgcagaatgcaaacctattaaatgcattaaa
tgatgtatacgcataggcctatgtatatttattcattatattagtttactcgctggccgactgctggcat
cgtgcatcgagtggtctcgccactaacagagggatgaccgagcgcaccagccataatataaaacaagaag
aaggtagttttgctttcgctcacccaaaaatgctctgtttgcacgatttgattaatatcatcatctccaa
atactttataaataatatttcaaaactcctccattgtttattgtttttagaaaatatctttttttccaga
taggcctttgtaaaatgaaagttaaaaatggcttgaaaccgtttaatttatttgtattatatatacctaa
attgatatagcttttattttatattggtttatttatttaatgtttttattatatacaatatttctttaaa
ttaatttaatatagcttaggctattttgtctagatgtaatatgatattattgtgttgagttgatacgtaa
tttgtacgtaacagcagcaacgtatgtacgtaacatattttatattatctccaaaataaatatacccagc
cgttcacagcatctgcagagcagtgaagtgagcactcgttcgtcgatctctcacacacacatacacgcat
ttaaatattttttatatgaaggcgtatacaaaaactttaaatgaggaacgcgagaaaatttattttttga
tttcaaagtgtaaaacaaaggttagttgtgttaaatgattcaatttgattggtgagtcttatgttaagta
tgatttgtgttttcaccatgccatcaaaacttgttattttcagtttgcagtgctctctagtcagcaattg
gcccccaaatttggtagtgtgttagcatgcactagagcacctgtgccagatttcagcactgtgtttagta
tgcagtctagacagtgagccacagttatagtttaccccaaaaattgtatttgttttctatttacttagcc
tcaaaaggttgaaaacacagttttttctttttagcacaaaataagatatatatttttaaaatgttacaaa
ctggtagcctgtcatgactaccagcgattcagtggctgcagatatacacataattttaagatgtcgttgg
tcttgtcacttctgatttctaacttgtggcttttatttgtagcttaacaagaaaatacttggttatgctt
cagaagaatcttcatcaagatcagatatcagtgaggatgattacgtgccagatactgaagagtctgacag
taacacttcagaaaaagtagagagtttagtaaaaaagataagtaataataagaaaaaggtaaagtcaact
tcaaatgttccagcatgtaaaaaaagacgtgcgtctccttcacaatcctctgcatctgacaaacaggaca
gttcacttcaatcttcttcatcaggagaacatgaagaatcacattcacccaataatcttaatgtgaatgt
catgatgctcaaaaaaaaaaaagatggagccagactatataacaaaaagttttactgcctattctgcttc
aaaccattcagtaaaatcgcacgtcacctagagtctaaacataaagataagccagaggtggcaagagcga
ttgcttttccgaaaggctctaaagagcgaaaaatacagctgagtttgttaaggaataaggggaaccgatg
tcataacgctcaggtactcagtgaaggaagaggaacggtgattcctaaacaacaatccactgcaccagta
aatgcaagtgattatttgcactgcattaactgttcagcgtatctgaagagaaaatcgctatggcggcata
tgcaaagatgccagctgagccagaaaattaacaaaatgaagccagggaaaactcgtgttcagtcactttg
ctcatatgctgaacctgttccagacagtataagtgaaaggttttggaaaatggtgcttgatatgcatgac
gatgagataacccatgttgtccgcaaagagaaaatcatactgaaattagggcaacatctcttcaataagc
atggccatgatgttacgaagcatgaatacatcaggcaaaaaatgcgtgaaactggacgtcttgtcctcga
agggaaaaaaaatggtaagctgaaggaggtgtctgatttctttattccagctaatttcccttatgttatt
caagcagttcacagtgtagctggcttgaacgaagagacaagcacatttaaaacaccatctttagcactga
agttagggcacaacctcaagaagatggccagcattattgagtgtgatgccatgatggcagatgataagaa
tagtcttagcaacgtgcaagccttcaagcaaatatgtgacactaaatggagtgagtgtgtgtcatcccag
gcccttcgtaatttgagtgaagttaaatggaactgtccacagcttcttccgtttgcggaagatgtgaaga
aaatgcatcagtatcttgactgccaaagtaaggcatatcaagcaagacttgaggaagaacaaagtatgaa
gcactgggcagaacttgccaaagtcacgctttgtcaggtgatactatttaatcgaagaagggaaggagag
gtgtctaagatgtcacttaattcgtttacattaagggacacatcctcaactcatccggatgttgagcttg
ctctgtccgatctagagaagtcactttgtagtcattttcaaagaatcgaagtccgaggaaaacgtggcag
aaaagtccccattttactcactcctgatatggtcgtctcaatggagttgttggtgaagactcgccgcagc
tgtgatgtgccagatgagaacgtctttatgttcggaagaccccaagctctcactttcttcagaggatctg
acgtcattcgtaacatagcaaaaagctgtggagcaaagcaccccgaggcattgtcctccaccaaactgcg
aaagcacatggccactatgtccaaggtgctaaacttaaaagagaatgaaatggataacctcgcagatttt
ttagggcatgacatcagggtccacaggcaatattacagacttcctgaaggcacattgcagctagcaaaaa
ttagcaaagtcttgatggccatggaacgaggacagctttcacagtttaaaggacagaatttggatgaaat
ccagattgatccccaaggtaaagtattcccgggttattaccgggaacaccagcattagttatagacaatt
gttgaatgttattcaaaagttgttgcctaataattttgtctgttatagagaaacttttgctggacagtga
tggatccgagtctgaaaatgagattgagtcaactggaaatggtgcctcaccttcaaattcagcaggtact
gtatgtgtaatgtgtgttatttgttttgtgcttagcaaggaataatgaccacaaacatagtaaaataaaa
gcaaatgtatggtttattgtcatgtattgtcagtgttaaggcttgtacatgtcatggaagaaaagtgaaa
tgaaactcagtattaaatcatgtttgctactctccataataatgtcctcctgctgacattgttgttgctg
ttgtgtttatcatacagctcttggtgtttagacaccagtgaaaaatgcagctccacagtcatctttcctc
tgtgcattatcttcattgcatgaaagtgaaagtgtgttcgcctaaacatggaggaaatcacttctgctgt
ttacacacatcattcacttttcttttcagcttgcttttagtcccgaaaaaaaacattaaggacaacatat
tcttaaagcacacagcacaataagtgacaattaaaattattattttaaacattctcattagttatgatct
tattaaattctcaatgttcttcaactgaagggaaatgatgggaaaggtggaaaatggtacacattacttg
ggaaaaaaaactgggtgtcattgctgtagtcatgcacacagtgagactggagacaggataaatcaagaga
ccaggggcctcatgtacgaagacttgcgtggaaatcatactaaaacacagaaaaaaattcagatgtatga
aacactgcgtacgccaaatctcgcgcatattctgtttgtacatctgaatgaacgtgaaactgagcgcaac
atgcacgagcacaaaacccctccctgcctcctcccccgtatgaatatgctaatgactctactttggcaaa
acccaacgaaaaagtaacggcaaaatgaagcaaaaagaggaactttgaacagaatgtgaatgtgaggtgc
tgttttcggaggtagaccagagaaaaactgttttatttgcaagtttgtcctccagaattaataacaaaag
aaaaaaatagagtgggagagtttagctgatgcggttaacaaagttaggtctgaacatcgcactgagtgga
gcaggtaatcattattggcctgttgcttattttagagtctttgtgtgcaggtagtggtattaatctagga
gaacacagaaaacaatgagaccaggagacaaaggcaccaggacacaaagaaccaacaacagcaaacaggt
aagtagcaatgggtgagtcaggtaagttcattggtgtgaaccgtagatcaaactctgggtaagagcagag
tgactgttaataaaaggaactgatgagggagcgcagaggtgcgataaaaatgtaagcaggggattttgat
cggattgattaggattcaggtggggaaggtggctgtggtgactgcctgagattacagtcttctccagagg
aggctcctgatacccttatgtgatgttggggacggatggagctgatgacatctttggccactggcatcca
ctgtgccaccaataccaagcttgcaggagccagagggtcttctactgcctgggtgtcccagtaggttgtc
atctgtgcacagaagggtttgtaggcaaagatgttataagaccgctgtgatgtgctggcactatttggcc
aagttaagggagttaatcaggatgtcttcaatatagacaataacaaaacaatggaggaactcacaaaaca
ccttgcataatgaaagatggctgggaagatggagagtacatacagcatgacctggtacttgcagtaccaa
aagggttgacgaaagctgtcttttacatcttccagtcggtaagtaaggcaactggactacctgggagttc
agtgtgtggtatttaatgctcttcagctgcttcagaatgcagcagcacgagtggtctttaatgaagctaa
aagagcacatgtcactccactgctcatctgtttgcactggctgccagttgctgctcgcatcaaattcaaa
gctctgatgtttgcttacaaagcgacctctggctttgctccttcttatctgctctcacttctgcagatgt
atgtgccctccagaaacttgcgttctgtgaatgaacgtcgcctcgtggttccatcccaaagaggaaagaa
atcactttcccgagctctcgcgttcaatctgcccagttggtggaatgaactccctaactgcatcagaaca
gcagagtcactcgctgtcatcaagaaaccactaaaaactcaactatttagtctccaccttccttactaat
ctgcaattgcctctctggctcctccactaattaaaaaaaaaaaattactaatgttcttgcttcttatact
ttctttacagacctgaaacttgcctacagcacttattcactgttgctcttatagttgtgtaagttgcttc
cttgtcctcatttgtaagtcgctttggataaaagcatctgctaaatgactaaatgtaaaatgtaaatgta
atgcaataatggagacttccattgtttttgcccacaaagaagaacctggaagcaggcagtgagattgatg
attaagtcctccacacactcctccatagccttgtgctctaggcagcagctggatagtgcagtcccatgtc
tgatgagatggaagataaggggttgcccatttactaaagacatcctgtaatgcagaatactctgatgcga
ccactgacatgatttgggtatcaggattcaacactggacgtggggcttgatgaggcagtctatgaataaa
tgtccaggggcagcgcagaataaacatacttcagcaggtaggtggcattcagcttctgtgcttgagacgt
gggtaaggtacacttgcaagagatctggtaccggagtacaggcagcataggaggcaagctcgtgagtggc
gttggagatatggcaagcagatagtgattggaataggcaataggcagacaccattactcaatggtgttgt
acatcataatagcagaacgaatgtttgggttcaagctttgttgataggttctaatgagcacggtctcgtt
ccacccactagctactgtcaaagtctggtgagtgaaattgccaatggtggatgaacctgggtggaaacag
aataaatgtttggaggtcgagagtgcttctgtggccatactgaaagctttgaaggattggttagcgaaat
gaacaaatgtgttgacaataacaggtaagtagcaatgggtaagtgcagagtaattgcttataaaggaaac
tgatgaggggtgtaattaatcagttattagggaactgtggtcaggtgtactgggattcaggttggggagg
tggctgtgacaacggtctgatattggtatttaggagttattattgaaaaatcttgtgctaaaagagatgt
attgtttttcagagaaatcaaagaagtctgctgaggttggacaacaccaagaaccatccaaaggtaatga
gatttaaataaaaaagatgctttaaaaacttctgacgttgttataattgtgaataaaattcattctgtgc
actgcttttatgatttgccctttacttgctttcattatttttctattctatatgttctatattatatatt
tttatatcctgaggatgaagtgaaaatatgttttgtttcgactgctaatattttcttaaatacatgtgtg
acacatttactggtaatttacttagtaggtattctgtgccattactgaataatgttctcagttgtactcg
tatgtttgtaggaggcaagaatcctaaaaaactgcagccgactagcaaggacttgcaggaaccgcacaga
acaaagagtaagctgttttttaaaatgtcttctgaaataagttgccctttctgtttttcttctaaagttt
attcatgtacatgcaaggtagacgtcacaaacggatttccttctagtcattatccatgaattcaatcaat
actgcctgctccatactgcgggcacttttatataggggcagcagtaatattacatatactgtttaattaa
agccttaaatcatgttgttgactcacaaagttgatgcagaatcacaaaaaagtgctgcatttgcaggtac
agtacagtaaaaaagtcataattagtcattttttagctactgcttttgatctgtcaaaccttagaatcgt
atgtaaatgtggttttctttgcagctgcttaactgatttgaatgtaaacaaataaaaatcagtttctgaa
attatctgatttttgatagcataacatattcgttagcatatgaaaagtggcctgcatgcagaagctcaca
aataactattaactaaaaattttagacatcttgctgtaatttacgagaatagttaaacttacatggtgac
taattgcaagcatttttttccttttattgctgggtgatgtaaacatgacagattgtcagccatcaactaa
attttagcaaaaatgtgtatacaactttaaaaacaatgagacacactgaagaccatgaattagttttatt
tggtctttaagtctttttttcactaattatgttttaaattttattcaggatcttcacaaaacgagcgaag
aaggtggtctgtggaggagatcaaggccgtggagaagacaatgatggaattcataatgtctggaaaggtt
cctggtaaagcccagtgcatgaactgtatcgaaagttccccagcagcacttcaaaatagaagttgggagg
gggtgaaattttatgtaaaaaatcgcattgattccctaaagaaaaaattgtgaaaggtaaggaccttcat
ctaattatttttttcgtgtttgccggaagaaagaaaatatattacttaaaaaaatgtgaaaggtaggtga
aagggccttcaccactgtttttttttcatgattgttgaaagcaacaagtttgatttcgttaaagcaaaaa
aatgtaaaagggccttcaccagttttgtctttgttaaaggcaacatgtatgtgaatcttgtttaagcaaa
ctcaacatgcatctgcttaaagagcagtatactaaaactttcacgttaacatttaaataaatgtttaaaa
cactaaaacacttccgagttgtattgagtttttacattctcgtaaatttggctatgtctccgttaatttt
tatgcgtatctcagaatatctaataaaaaaaatgcttgatagaatgccaagatgctcatacattatttaa
atgcacattaaaacaacatatgtgtacaactgagcaggataaacattttattttattaaaaaagctaagg
cttttttctgtttacacccttagaaatggtctattgtaatataacatagaataaacagagaacgcaagat
aaaagtaaaattcaataaaatataaatgcacacaattttcccttataaataactctttaatagttgtcta
aatgtaatttgtagtcttacagtgacttattataaaaatatgataatatactggtatgtcatattgacac
ctggtggttccttgtggtaagacaaaatagcgacgtccccacaagaatagaaaaacctgacaaaaattca
tttttttaaacttcagaattcttgataaaaaattattgtttttatgataaaaaaatcccctggacacata
tgagttgaaattatggcttaattgtatttagaaattgctgtccccatatgtaaccttctagtcacaagtc
cccatggggcacaaaaacaagta
>CryptonV-1_HSal	CryptonV	Harpegnathos saltator
ttctgattaactatagttcttgttgccttttatctatctattttatgtatctattttgtgtatatgtatt
taacacacatgtatatgtgcacgcacatacatacacacacgcacatatctcaacatactgcacgtgtatg
caggatatttcacgaaatgaagtatcaagtaaaaaatataaatgtagattaggtcatgaacaaaataatt
ctttactattctattatgcaaataaccacgtaaaatgatattaattattgaaaattttctttttcctttt
ttcctgttccttttcctgttcggtacttattgttaactcttgataacattactttatatattaatgaata
tatttatattgaactatatacccagtaaacataaagtatcatcgatgttacaatgtcagctaaatcatat
gatgttacgtaactgttactttgtatataataaagcaactgtcatgtaacataccatatttagctgattt
agctgacattgtaacatcgatgatactttgtgtttactgggtatatgttagttcttaagctgtgatcttt
attttatatagttatgacattacttcgtttttatattatactatgttacatttatgctatactaggtaac
gataacgatgaagatccagaatatataccttcggaacaaagttcattagacaacgaatctccacaaaacc
atgtgcgagttgttaacaaaactatatcttctgcttccagttttgatacttccaatataaatgttggtac
atcggcatgtaatgatgaaactatgtacagagaaaattctattgcaaaatcaaggaaacaacactattgc
acattttgtatgaagccacaatcgcaacttccacgccatttagagacagttcattacaatgagcctgaag
ttaaaaaatttgtcacgctgtctaagaaagatccgaaaagaaaagaaataataaatattattcgaaagat
gggcggcttcaaatttaacacaaattcagaattgaatactgggaaattaattgtctgcagacgtccaaat
gaaagaactaagaggattgctacagattttattgcttgggtaaaatgcaaaagtttttttgctaaaagaa
ctataagacaccattctcgagtttgtcttaaaaaagatttccgaaaaaataagaatatcatggttatgga
cagaaaaattatgggtagaatacatgcaatggctaatgaggctttaaggaaaactgtatttcctgttatg
cgagatgacgaagtaacacgtattatacgatatgatgaattactgattttatatggtaacaagatgtgta
taaaatataagtcgcaacatcaacatgacatgatacgtgcacgattacgtgttcttggacgtttcctgtt
aacattgaagacaataaataaaaatatagaagattttcagtcgctgtatcatccccagatatatgatgat
tgtgttgctgctattaatatagttgcacaatttgataatgagaagcaactttataaaactcctgcagtag
cggcgaatttgtcaacacttattaaacaaataggaaatattctcattacgcaatgcattaaaagacaaga
cgaagaaaaaaagaaattagttaaagactttctaaagttattagttgttgacattggtaccagtattaac
agaactgtgttcgaaacgcaatcggctcataagagacataaaaagattaatcttccatcgcttcaagata
ttaaaaaattgcacaaacatttggaaaaaacaagaattaaagcatatgcagcattaaaagaatctttttc
gtatgaaaaatggatttctttagcagaggtgacgttatcttctatttatgttttcaatagacgacgtgca
ggagaaatcgaacgagcatgtgtagaagattttgaaaattatgaaagaataaataagaatatgtacagtg
atatttatgaatcactatccatagaagatagaaaaattgccgagagatacattcgattttgcatcagagg
aaaattgggacgtacagtacctgtattattgtcgaatgatctttttgattgtgttactttaatattgaaa
tatcataaagaagctaatgtaccgaaaaaaaatccttatatttttggattaccttcgatcaacaaagata
ggtaccgatatttaagagcttgtcctttaatgcgtaaatttgcgcggtagtgtaatgcaaatgagtcaac
tactttgcgcggtacgacactacgaaaacatatagcaacacattgcattcaattcaatctcaacgacgtg
gatgtttcggaccttgctacatttatgggtcatgctgataaaatacatagagagcactataggcaaccgc
aggcaagtagagatatactcaaaatttttcgatatttagaaactgtaccagggtatgtgcaagacataaa
caatgaatctgcattgtccgatgactctggtaaagaaaatacaatggaagacactaatattactgacgaa
aataatactactgaaaaaggtaatatagtcctactaaacacaatataatatgtaatatgtacatgcgtgt
gttgtcagatcagattgtaatgagataaactgatatgtaaatattttgtatttgctggtttggttcatta
tataagaatgtataagaatatataagaatatataagaatataatgtaaattataatgatattaatattca
aatgtattatattgcactcaatgtggttgagtttaaattatataaagatatatttattgtattactcaaa
aaagttgtaatacatatcgtttattgtagacatttcatcatataacgcaagggattccatagaaatgaat
tgtcaaaacttaatagataaacgaagtggaaaaaggaaacgttgcagtaagtagtttttcttatcagttt
ccaatctataattaagtattccaataatacaaattttttgttttctttctacacgtatatatacttatct
tatacttttgttcctttttcgctatatttgtacacacttgtaatgtattttcctacaatttctactgaac
atacatataactgtgatttaatatatttaaaaaaataaatacaataaaataccacatacacttatacgca
tgagcacac
>CryptonV-1_NV	CryptonV	Nematostella vectensis
agattcatgggcctttttgtaaccgagtcgtgttcctttttgtaactttgttcctttttgtaaccaaggt
ttggttacgaaagggaacagtgctcctttttgtaacataggccaagttacaaaaaggagcatatgttcct
ttttgtaaccatgtgctcccttttgtaacatttgtgatcctttttgtaacctaagccaagttacaaaaag
gagcacatgttccctttcgtaactttgggtgttccttttggtaaccttagaaaatagggctaaattcaga
aactgaattctacagtaaatatccaaaccctatttaaacgacaaataaaacgttttattcttatctccta
cattgtatgagtacatwttagtgtaacaataagttgtagaataagattgataatgtcggtgctccatcat
tgatatcatcaataatacgcatgcgtagtaacgctcttcatcaataatacgcagccagtgacatccttgc
ttctatttaattcgctgaatttgtttttatttaatgatatacaccgatacacatttttgtcgattcatga
gcgttttaaacactaaaatattaaggtttacatcccacattgaggggagcatgtaattaaacaagcaagg
ctcaatcgataacgtcttcctctcattttgaagtccagacgacgtttaaaggtaagtaccgcgtttgctt
tctttatggtgccccaacaccatgcggatgaaatgctctggatatttgtatgggagccccccatagctca
ctagaatatccagtaacacatgtgaggggcaatagggcgatttaggccctaaaaagggacgcctgttgcg
caggttatgattactatgttctgtttctatcataagatggctagctgtgacccagtcaaaatggagaaat
catataaaagacagaaacatcgctgtccagtgcctgcctgtcagaaagaagtgattcacctccctcgcca
tttgataacagtgcacaaatggagccgcgaaaaggcattagaggcactgtctgtgttcgaccttagggca
aaaagaacgaagtcagaggctgtcccagagcaaagagccaagcggacttacaaacgtcgggtttgttcgt
tcccagggtgcaacctgatcgtgcgaaggttgcacaaccacctgaatgcaaaacataagttaagtcgaca
cgacgagagatacaaacagctattgaaagaatcgcgatgggaagagataggcgaagatttccaggaagag
tgtgtagtagagatctcctctgacaccgagtccgagcccgagcaagagcccgatccccaaagccagagcc
aaagcaagggtaagggccaaagccaaagcaagagcagtcaatccagtacaatgtcatctaatgaagaaga
aatgtgcctccaggaaatccatagaaaatccgaaaaagcaaaagctataatgagaggaggtcaagtagat
caacacaaatacagctcaagtgatgacgatagtgatgaagttatcccttcgtcgccgattggaaagaaga
ggagcatctttcttaagcgcgcgctagccgatattcacaccgacactccaaaggttatcaagaagagaac
aactgggggattggcaggagaacaatcttcaccgacactatggaaagcaactgcagcaggcaatagcaag
gaaaaggatgacttatcaacgtcgagcccagcagaggagatagaagacaaagactacgagccagatggcg
aagatgaggatgaaaacgaagataatgaaggttgtagtaatgatgatgaggataatgatatcgatgttac
cgatgaagaagatgaattgatgatgaaggcagaaacgctgatgaaagatgatgaaggcagaaacgatgac
acagataagatattggacgcatttttacaatggcttcaaggtatcgatggaggtagaagagagttgcgta
ccgctaagcaatatgttgcacaggttcacgcaatcatcaaggatgtagatccagatgagctgcgcatcga
cagcatcctgaataagaagcatcttcgagacaaatggttacagaaattggaacgtaacaggaagccaggg
acctgcaaggcatatttaggttcattatcaagatttctccgtttccttgttgtggaaaagttagaagacc
taaagctaacagaagagcatgtgacgaaggtcagagtgcaagtccaagagtggtcggcttcctttaagaa
gccgttcaaagaaagaagatgggagaagcatcaagaagacctagagaaactcataaccccggaggacgtc
cagaagttttctaagtcggctccagtaagagcggcaatctcgacactgggaagatacatggaaaaggaag
ggtccccgggtcagacagacttttgtactgtcagagaccatctcatcactcgcctatgcatcgagaatgc
atgtagagctggcccgctcgcaaatatgactttgcgggatctagatagagccacgaaagatggcgatgaa
atgattgtcaccattttgaagcacaagacatctgcctcggcaggcccagcccatgtagtgctaagtccca
cagtcttcacctggctaaaggcgtatgtaaaatacatgagaaacaaggtcagcggagcaggaacagatcc
cgatgagaaggttttcatcagcttcacagcgagtgagatgacatcatccatgatatctgctcaacttaat
tcgttttggcaaaaggctgtcgagaagattagagtaaatgcagcttcattccgtaaagcagctgtttccg
tggtccacgaagagcaccaacatctgaggaaggacctagccgaccttatgggacacaatcaaaagaccgc
cgaaaaattctcgttaagcagaagtctaagtcggctgcaaaaacctctctggcgctcagaaatatcatgt
atgcggaaggggcatcacatgtagaagcaagtgaagccctgcctgtgaagaatggggaagcagaaaagtc
tggtcgtcaccactggacagagaaagaagaggaggctatccaaatggcatttaaggatgccattgaagaa
tgcaagcttcggttagatgccgtgaagcaagaaatacccaagcaaccccttctggcgcatatcgacgcct
tgaaggtttacgataaagtaaggagcttgatgaggaaagaaaatacacaagcgagcccttgcctccccac
agagaaaatgtcccaacaagagaagatggaaagaatgttgggtcgggaagatgctgaagaatcatgcctc
aagagtaaggggtctcaagtatttacagatttgcagtctaatctctgtctgcgactgtttcatgatctcc
tacacaacaataacaggatcgagagaaaagccttgatggaacgagtcatgagagatgacgaggccaagaa
agagttgtctgcgtttactccacaacaacttgctgacaaggtgcgtgcagagcgcaacaaagctaagaag
tcaaagtagtagaaacaatctaatgaccactccaggcattttcagccgttttcagccattttcgcgtttg
tagtaagttcagttgttaaaaatgtttgcgcaagaggattcgaaggattcactaaaattgttgttaatga
cttgtttgttcatacggaacacagagacattattatatttaaatgtatataaaggggcgttattatactt
aaatgtatacacagatacgttattatacttaaatttatacacagagacgttattatacttaaatgtatac
acagagatgttattatacttaaatgtatacaaagaggcgttattatacttaaatgcatacacagagacgt
tatcatacttaaatgtatacacagagacgttatgagcagcaaccgcaagcgacattattaataaagctgc
cctgtaaggctgtaatatgtttctatgagtacacccatctctgagcactttcaatccatgtgtagtttga
ggaaagacgaatagcagattatgattcctttaaggccagtttgagttatccgctttcctagaggctgcta
aaaattgcaaaagtcaaggaaatagcgaaaaccttattttgatacagcacacgaatgatgcattttaccc
agtctccaagaatcgtcatatctcagtcattttaattcaaagagctattaaactcaggaaaagcaaatac
gaatagcatctgatgattcttgttaggcttgcttgtgttatacgtctttcaagaggctgcaaagaagctg
caaatatcgaagcaatatagcggagaattcaaaatgtgcctattatccttggagatttgaccaaaaaact
gaaacacagaaaatgaaaatagtaacaactactctctgaatcgaatggttgtctatccctgcttcagttt
ttagttgttttaccatgattttaaacataaataaacctaatttttctgataattgttacactaaaagaga
catgattttcgcggtcgttccttttcgtaacctgacatatatttcaataaaatattattgtgatctcaca
tatatatttctttgctatgaacaaacctataaaacattatcaaacctagaattgcatagaaataaaaatc
tttttaaataaaatacttttttatcctgcactggttatagcaccccaaaatgttcctttttgtaacattt
aagcattttcagcgggtccaggaaaaaaatcaaaaaagcaatttcttctacgttcttgctttacttcttg
gatatgttccccgccaatatttgatctcttttatacatgcataagcaaaaagatccaccgcttcattggg
tatttatttcaaatctctcgggccggatagaaactgccaaaatttgagtatttttggattcgcctctgag
gccaatttcgctcgagttttctttataaatcatttatatttaggtgaaatgtaaccaaattttgagagaa
tcttacttaactatccttctatgcgtacaacgagttgaggggcctcaagcggaagaattcgatcgatttt
acgcttttttgtgaggtgactttaactgcgttaaatttgaatcttatgattggcacgggtcaccataaag
tccattgatctgagcacggtcttgaagcctcgaaaattctacgcaaatcaaagcaggttaggaagctagg
aggggtatgctaaagtccagatagatgatatatcccgacgatacagcgtgatttcggtttttctgtattt
ttgttggctgaaacctaaagggtgttcctttttgtaacattttgctctttaactttaaatatcatcgcca
atttttaagttgggtttatttagttttcaccatccaatatctgcttaaaaatcttcctatagatatattc
gctatgatttaatgatgttcctgattgaaaaggggtcaagttgaaaaaatgttacgtaagggaaccacga
tgaatct
>CryptonV-2_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
gctctaattcgaatttctgattttgtaaaaagtactggttattcgacacccatttcgaaaacatcaccat
ctatcgaaagtcaaattgacaagcgtttaaccgcaatttatcaaaattcattaactggttctaattcatc
cactgaaagtagtacgcctagtggtgcaactaaaattatggaatttatcggagatgattggctaaaatcc
tcaagtgtggaatcgaatgtcttaaaagaaaatatttcatctaattctgaagaacaagctgtcggaaatt
ttgataaaataatcgaaaatgagcaagaatttcgtgatcacatagcagatttaccattacaaaaaaatat
tgaatctagcattattgaagaaattgtctcgaaagaaatcgatgatgcaaggattaaaaataaaaatgaa
aataacgattcagattatgtattaagtagtagtattagtacaataaatagaacaaaatctaatgtaagtg
ataatttgaattttcccattaataatgatgcacttccggttgatattcgtgagattcacatgtctgattc
aaaaaacgaggatgggggttattcactcaaacaatatttttgcccgtattgtaaaaaattacaaaaaaag
tttgctcgacatttggaactaaaacataaaaatatatcagatgttcaaaaatttatacatttttcaaaag
gcaatccagaacgacgcaaaattattgaaaaaattcggaaatatgggaattatctccataatactgatgc
tgatttaaatacaggagttcttatagcttgtcgacgtcctcaagcaaagtttaaaaatactgccgaaaac
tacgtgtgttgcaatcactgcaaaggatttttttctaaaaaaactttaaggatacattacaaaaattgta
acccagctcacgagaaaggtcaaaagagtcaactcataaaaggcaaacagttaatgggatacatacattg
tcgtgctaacaatgtgatgcgtcgaaaagttttcccatcatttcaagatgatgatgtttcaagatcaatt
aaatacgatgaacttctgattttatttggaaataaattatgcaacacatatacacttcctcatcaatacg
atatgattagaaattatttacggcttcttggtcgtttcaaattaacaatcaaaaaaattaacaaaaatat
aattgattttgcatccatttttcatcctcaatattacgatgacgttataaaggctgttaaagaatgtgca
aattatgattcagagttacagatttttcgtacaccttataatgcaactactttaggaacacagttgaaaa
agtgtgctcgtatacaagctgctgaatgtattaagcgagaaaacttcgatggaaaaaaagctgtcgatga
ttttatggtgctctttgaagatgattatccagtaacaattaataaaaaagttatagaggatcagacaaat
aaacgacgagtaaaacaaattattcttccatcgaaatcagatattcaaaaattatatagctatataaaaa
atttatgtgaggaagctatggaaattcttcaaaaaggatttgattttaatgcatggaaaaaattaataga
agggagtcttattctcgttcagatgtttaatcgacgaagagcaggtgaaattgaaagactctccattgaa
aattatgaaaatcaagaaacaattgataattttaatcctgatatatttgataatatatcaaaagaatttc
aagaacaagccaagcaatttgttcgattaactataagaggcaagttaggaagaactgtccctgtattatt
gcatacatttttaatttcatatatcgatgttttactcaaatatcgttttgaagctggagtaaactcaaaa
aataagtacatctttgctgtacctcaagcgtgttctccgaaaaaaggctatattagagcttgtcctataa
tgcgaaagtttgctaatgactgtaatgcatcgatccctaccagtttacaaggtactatgctgcgaaagca
tatcgctacttacactgctatgttgcgaatagaagaaaatcaagtgtctgatttagcaaatttcatgggt
cataataaacaaatccacaaggatgtgtatcgaatccctaatggattaattgatatgactgaagtatctc
gtttgctacaagctgcaataggtgataacgatgaaaatgaaaacagcaatgaagaaaatgatcaaatcga
agataattctaaggatgattgtgtgcaaacaggagatattttgattgacaatgatttttctaacaataat
aataataatatcaatattattgatgataaacctcaacaacgactttcgacaaaacgtattattcgtacac
gttcattcagtgatgatagtaatgatgaaattttaaattccagtactcataattcaaactgtaagtttat
aaacaatttattattattattattattattatttgtttatttatat
>CryptonV-2_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
tgtttgtaatgctatacttgtgaggaccaattcatgacaaaacaccttttaagtgaggacatttcgataa
agtgaggacaaaattgaggtcctcactttattttgctcaataatggctccaggggggctgggcatcatgc
tgtgggagtttcccaaatgtccttatttttatagcaaatcatgacactaggtgtgtttgcttaattctcc
tgagctccccctaaaggcagacgggtttacggcagctttttttgattggctgcaagaggatgactcttca
cagtttctgattggacggttcgctcattgttcggtcggattgataggctgaatgatagaccaatggaata
tgctctttttagatgttttgacattaagaccatatatgtaaatgacaatgcgctcacgtgggccggatta
aagggatcggtatagcggaagacagaggctgcatcaacaccacagcacctgcaaggccaggtacatgaca
aggacaacacgacagagtaagtcatgattttaatactaattcattaattattagctcatgctgtcgagca
attaagtaactaattaagtgttgacttatgaatttgtatctgagtgctgccacagtcagctgttcctcag
tgaacaccttcattcacctcagctgattaagatataacatagaaagatattcagctgagttaagtttgtt
agtgagctgttgaagtctgattgtacctgacggagagatcgctaatgacggctgagagagagagagagag
agagagagagagagagagagagagagagagcagcgcagcagtgggggaggggagctgctctctctctact
cctcatccatcaattaatgaactctcattaacagcaaacagctgattgacactcaatgcacgatcataat
cactaataacatttacacttcagtttctgattatatttgactcagttttataacttttttaaattaaaaa
aagtatttattcctaaagcagcatcctgaatgcatcatgacttagaaacaaccttaaaataatgttgtat
ataataattataacataagttataaaacattataatacttcatacttttaactacatatttgttctcata
gctttcaagagtaagctagattaaacagcagagtaaaactgtatactttacatctgcacagtactgagct
gcatcatactctgctttttcacactgttcttgattttattttaaggcagatgtcttcaacaggtgtttaa
gtgtgactacattgactgctataagagttgacgagttaacaagtgttggagagcaggcgccacccctccc
ccactgctctgctctgctctgctctgctctgctgggggatgggggaggggcgctgctgctgatcacacac
acacacagcagactctacacctgtaagctgagctggccttcatcagctcacagtcactgtgtgtatttaa
aacatcatatattcatacatatttataaatattaagccactgattatcaagaagtggggaaaaaatagga
cacaatgttaaaataaattgatctacatttttatatgtcctaaactatgataaaacctcccaacttctca
tttttgatcaaagcatgtttttaactttgcagacattattgcagcatcatcagacagtcactaaactgct
atcaggaggatttaactaatcacattctcatgttagacatcatattttcacatgaacaacaattcatcaa
ccactgtaaaatatcaatgaaatatttcaaaatctacatctgaatgagctgaggaaaatctgcatttagt
cattttagctatccaatgcactgaatctatgagcagttataataattaggacacatgtttgttgtcatca
ctttgtaaagcagattaagactgtttgctttaggtctgcacagtactgagctgcatcatactttacactt
tcccacactgtccttgattttattttaaggcagatgtcttcaacaggtgtttaagtttgactacattgac
tgctataagagttaacgagttaacaagtgttggagagcaggcgccacccctcccccactgctctgctctg
ctctgctctgctctgctgggggatgggggaggggcgctgctgctgatcacacacacagcagactctacac
ctgtaagctgagctggccttcatcagctcacagtcactgtgtgtatttaagacatcatatattcttacat
atttataaatattaaaacactttcccacacagccctggctttatctaatgggcattgtcttaaacagttc
ttgatatcctgtagctgtttaaaagattactaaacttctcttactttacatgaatcagacaaatccactt
aaaatcattatgaccacatcacagaacatttctctgctggtataatgcatcatactcttaaaggctttga
ccacaattaggcaagtattataatgcattgtaagttgtgaatatttatcagctcagatgcattgttaaat
tataaagaggcaaacagaactgtgagaaatgtgttcacttcacctctaatctagctgtttttgttttcag
catgatatctaagagacatgtttgcatatctcctgttaaatgttctctgtgttagattaataaattaata
gctagattattagttttctttcatctttgagttgatgtaaaaatgtttaattacagatgacaaaaaagaa
aaaccaagagtgatgagggggagcaagatggacagaagagagatgaggaagaggaaataagcaatgcttc
ttattttgttagtgacatctctacagaggtaagttaaatgtttctaaagtatgatcaaaagattttcccc
caagaaaatgacataagcaataaatatgaaggcctcattttgatcctctgtgagtacacagccccagtgc
ctgtcaataagtgatgttttataaacaaattttatatatatataaaataaattgcttaaatttaataagt
aaatatatagtaataataacaccaagctgataagaaatttcagctcagaaatcatccagaatcacacctc
tagcttaccccatctgttttcacagcaatttaacttgcaatttcactcgatctaaatgaaggaactcctt
tcaaaacctttggctactcctcaacgctccttgcactaccttaagttccttttaattctatcatttaagt
ttttcatagaaattaattgtaaaagtcagtggaaatgccccatcattgcccccttttactattttaaacc
ctaagccttttctaatccttggtctttaatcccaccaagtagttatatcataaggttgccgctgctagca
gtaaatttacgtacacagtgactgctgaaattgactgactgaaatttaagcacagtgactgctcccactg
gatgcaccaccgcaaccatgcaccaccgcaagcgcagtgatcgctcctataggtgtcgcataccttattg
tcatgcatctccataagcgcagtgaccgctcctacaggagtcacacacattattatgcaccactgcatgc
gcagtgacagctcccacgggagatgctcacattattattatgcacaaacgctactgcagtgaccgctccc
actgcagacagacacctttttatgcaccactgctagtgcagtgaccactctcactggggacgcacaccct
tattacacactgctgctagtgcagtgaccgctcctatgggagacgcacaccttaatacatactgctgcta
gggcagtgaccactcatacaggagaagcacaccttattattatgcaccactgcaagtgcagtgaccgctc
ccactggagtcgtacaccttattataatccactgcaagcgcagtgacagctccaactggagacgtacacc
ttattattataatccactgcaagcacagtgacagctccaactggagacgtgcaccttattataatcaact
gcaagtgcagtgaccggttcaactggagtcgtacaccttattattataatccactgcaagtgcagtgacc
ggtccaactggagtcgtacaccttattattataatccactgcaagtgcagtgaccggtccaactggagtc
gtacaccttattattataatccactgcaagtgcagtgaccggtccaactggagtcgtacaccttattatt
ataatccactgcaagtgcagtgaccggtccaactggagtcgtacaccttattattataatccactgcaag
tgcagtgaccggtccaactggagtcgtacaccttattattataatccactgcaagtgcagtgaccggttc
aactggagtcgtacaccttattataatccactgcaagtgcagtgaccggttcaactggagttgtacacct
tattattataatccactgcaagtgcagtgacagctccaactggagacgtacaccttattattataatcca
ctgcaagtgcagtgactgctcctcaggagacgcgttcatgttttaatcttggtataatataaataaattg
cttttgtgagtactgtaatcactgcagagtacactctcgctctcgctgacgccgtatgcctgaacttctg
gctctattcacggcaagctgatcatatggaaatgtgatttgtaaagtacttagtcaaaatacactgacat
gattgacttttctcactactactactggttatttaacatttagcataaacaatactaaactagttttatt
tctttaatatagaggctccgtctacctttttaaaagcatcatatgtgtttttagccagtcatcatcagct
ttgtggttgtcacgcccctacacacacatgccagtcatcatcagatattatcatcagtttgtaatggtgt
agtagtgcaggaaaccgtcatttatttctcgtttattcataattccattattcacatcccatcgtcatta
ggatcattataaattttccatttaaagttgttgtgcacctctctagtcaatatatctggcaaatccaatg
aacacaagaatgcacagtaatatttttagaaactttattcagatcaaatctgcaaatgcgtttgaagacc
cacaaccagagaaaaatgaccacaatgtgaaatctgtcaaatcatcttactgtagatgtttttagctgta
ttcaaataacagatccctggactaggtactagcacttaaatacagtaataattacccactttttaaatgt
gggttgatttataagcagcatcgcttttgcctggagagtttttgttatgataacaaaccaattctgcctt
ccaacattgagttgcctgttgctttttccagaagactctaaaatgaagagacatgtccattgtccatgta
cctctgtcagccaccagcgtcacctcacttaaactggtcagtatgtggtaatttatttcagtgtgttgtt
gaatcttcctgttgaaagataataaatgaacactgttttgtgctgttgtaattccagaagactctgataa
tgaagacacatgtccccgtacctctgtctgccacaagcgtcacctcgctcaaactggtcagtatctgcta
gtttacttcagtgtgttgtagatagggctgggcgatattcaaaacaaaatgtatcacaatatcatgtttc
atatcattcgataccgataattattgaatattttttaatacatttaggaatattaggatttttttatgta
accactttattttaatttactaacattactaaggcagatagttttaatagcatttaactatgcgaactat
gcaaacattaaaacaaaagatctcataaacatacgtgttgaagagacacttaaacttgataaatattata
ttatatttatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatattatatata
attatatataaatgttaagtgcaatggtgaagtgtaaacgctgaacaatcaaagcaaactttaaggtaga
tcaacatctgtaaggtgtgaataataatgataccgtaaacctcaaactctgtcaacaacacaaattatga
tcatcaaatctgagctttagtaaaggaactaaccatcattatttaaacacacactgcaacattacagata
gtgaagttaaatgattacaatacccctatgctgaaactctttcagatgtggagctagaggctgggatgca
caagaaaagaaaccaaaaagccactctggctctgcatccatttaatttacaatctcctcactgctgccag
ccgccgcactcattttcacatgtgttgttattctgacctgaagtaataagcgcaagcacgtggtttcggt
ttccttgaccatttacaatgggctcgcgctcccctggcgtttctcgtaactaggtgaccatcaagcgttt
tgtcagaggatgacaaacagagaccattgctgcagctccagtgcaagtttatggagaaaagtataaggct
ctgcagtgttgggatgcgctgtgtttgtctgaggtcattagtctgccgttattactgaaatgtgtgtatt
ccatacaaagtttgaagtagattggttacggtgcgctcacggcattcggaaaagtttagatgtttttaac
tagcgttacgtgtgcggcgcttgcataacatgtgcgaccattggaaatgacaaactgagaccctaagctt
attggcactgcttccaaggcgcgcgctcagcagacacattttaataaaactgtagcgattcataccgaaa
ctacacaccaaatcttttttattgatattgacaacgatgttcagtcaataaatatcgataccgattttac
cacccagccctagctgtagaatctgcgtgttgacagataataaataaacagtgtcttgtgctgttgtgat
ttcagaagactctgataatgaagacacatgtccccgtacctcaagttctgtcatcactggccagaatcag
gagatcattcaaatgatgacaggtaacgcagaaggatcactcagttgctctcctgcaaaacaaacacact
cattgatcttaagaactgagccttttcatttgttccctaaggattgactgctcataaatttaaattcagt
caccaaaatgtagattaggcttagattaaacttgaatctgaaaatcaagtctgattactgcttgtctaac
tgttagttggtgaaactagtatttaagagaaagtcttaaggggattaattcacccaaaaatgtcatttgt
tgttaatttactcaccttcagtccatccaagatggtgactttagtccttcagcctcaatgctgtcgtcag
ttatttacagcagttcctttactgttcatcacttactctaaatgcaataacatcacagtagttcttgcat
tttggtgattggctagtttattttgacgattgagggtttaatcaggttattgtgtggtattaatgaaggg
tttgatgagcgctggtgtctgagtgtgagattttcaagctgtttcctcaccgtttctttgatcattttaa
catgcacacctcacattagtgcagcacgtagtgaattgatgaactaaatgatcaacaggctctatattat
gatttggcatatagttaaaacaactaatgtgatattgcacacaacatatatcacaatataatatgtgtgt
gtgtgtgtgctcccctaatttacacaatttttgaccttttgtttttcaggacagaaggctgcagtgaggc
ctaggacagctgatgagcaggctgctgcagtgaaggcaaccctggacaaccctttgttctgaaaaaatct
ccaggaaaagtgggcaggcaggcttaccttcaaaacaatccatttattccctccagaccctggattaacg
taaacgacttttgtttataagacaatccagtccaagaaaagaagaataatttgagcacatcactgttctg
tttaagtttgctgcatgggaacacatctcttagtttctctgctgtgttccttttatttaaaaccttttga
ttctcttattgagcattgagtcactactcaacatttctgtaaaattcagaaaatggtgataaaatatggt
caaaagttaagctgtgttagaataaattaatcttgatgttgtagaataactgatagaaatgtacactata
attaaaactatttacacaattgtctgtagttggctcttaatgtcagcctgtagtgtctgctgtaaacttt
cagtattttcagactcagactgattggctaaagcacaggcgatgtagcagattccccagtccctgatagc
tttaatccactggatgtggaggttttgggtgtattatgtcagtttactgtgctccacatttacatcaata
cactatagtatcttataataactagttatatatttatatgtatatattattcagacaccagattttattt
gtatacacgtatgtacaatcggatggatggatggatggatagaaacatgcatgcatgcatgcatacatac
acggcacattctaccagaaacatacatgatctctccctgaaataaaaacaaatacagcgaataaaaagta
tttcattccaaacaaatgtctaaaatggcctgatggttgatttttgtgagtggttctgtaaaggaatatg
tcattcatttggtttcttagattttttttttcattaaaagcactaaaatgtacaaggcctgtcattgtcc
tcagcccagtttaaacctgcagctttaagagttttgttgtgctaaatacttatttaaaaaactttattga
aataataaattccacaagtaattttatttattatttgtaaaataattttacagttgtccccatgcttctg
tcagaccatgtcacatttatatatatatatacacacacacacacatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atatatatataacacgcacatgtggtgcctgactagttatttattactataaaaatgcttggaagaaagg
ctgtgcctttgaacattctggtcatgaaagtataatttcataaataatcataaatgtttcttaattgtat
ttaattccatattaaaaactgaaggttataaataaataggctacagatagagagagaactatgtggtaaa
atataactcattcacacattaaaatgagtttcacttaacacttaatgagatcgctgtaaataggttacac
aggaaagcatgtaaaggtgactttctcttgtcgcatatgtgtttatttggtcgtttaaggtgttaatatc
gtcagtaaaagtatcaagaagcagtatttaaagtttgacgcagctcacaattagttaggtaacgtgagca
gatgcgcaaatttcacgcaatttacgctacgttgagaatgacgtcatcagacatttcccgggaaaagatg
gatcggtatagtaggaggatggcggcactgcggtctcaccataagaaatgtgaagaaaggtacaaggcaa
aaatgaggaccgagacatatgacaacaatttacagaatggggtaagtaatggtttatattattcaatata
tgttccgtgtttataactatgggttacatgattgctaacttagttatatactagatgcttcgtcgagtcc
tctttatctaaacactggcctgccaactctcgagccttcgacagtattctcacgccaaaaaccccttcgt
caagcaaatagcctcttataaagtcagctataaaagcaaaaatccccttcttcaagtatatagatgcgtg
taacacctgcccagtgaagcttgttagtgtttaacgttactggctattgcgtggatccagtcagaggcaa
acctgaccaagtgatttaagtataccaatcattcttgatatttttttttatttggcatcagggaggttct
ataattagaagcagtgagaaaaatcataatgtcaccacacaaatcagggctttttgaaaccaataagttg
tgccacacttggggagggagaaaattctcactccaacctaaaaccaaaagttagcagccctgctaaacgt
tacattattgtacacgttgtactgtaaatcgctttatgcattttttgcatgtaatgtttaaacttgatta
aatgatagtcgtatgagttgttacatctatgttaatgtttaaacttgattaattgggggaggggaggttg
tgccaaagggtgtgggggacatcaaaatcttcctgtaaaaacattttaatataaaagaaaaaaatgtctg
tagtctgacagtatcatgccttcaaatgtgtttatcttttcatatttgtctttaatacatattaaacatt
gattattacagatcccctacaaagtgaataactccccatttacaaaataatatgtttatgttcaggcctt
gtacactaaaaaacaatgttttgtttgaacttttactgctgatttgagtactctatatattataatacaa
agattaaatagaaggcatgtattttgatgtcctaaaatgttttacaaattaaacaagtaaaacacatggg
tatttgtataaaattatactttaaatctaatttctgagatgagcatcaaatgttgatttcacctattatt
tttttataacggttaatgtttttatttgtccagatttaataaattaaggtcatattttcacacaatgtta
ttacattaaattaaacaacttaatgtagaatataagaagaaataggggtataaacaacatataaatatat
gtagtatactgtagcataacagtcaataggtcaataaatcgataattagacatacacaaataataagatg
agtaatacatgtgcacgtctacatcaacgcattaatgtcatagtatgtcagtaagagctgaggaattatc
agcaaaacacaagtggggctgggtaaaatgttgcactgcgttgtagacaatagccgtgtttaagtgtgtg
aggtgctgcacatactgatcagttaggacatcagtgattgtcaaacacagctgatattataattttacca
tagaaattgccactacaaccatcacctcatctgaggccgtactcacactaggtacagttgccttgaacca
ggccaaagcatgcttgtcccccctcccgtctcccccgacagcccgcactgacaccacaatcgggcctggg
cacacttacgtcatcgctgttgtgctgttcagtgagaagcactctctcactcagcagcacagtggagatt
tctctagttatatcgtgtcaatggtttgatatgcagtgatattcagtcagatatttcgccaaacagtcct
tagggatgcggggacacgcagtcagatatttcactgaacagatccgccacttttggcgctcataatcata
atgcgcagctgtcgttcagtgaggggtttgcgtctttaatatactacggcagtttgcgatcactaaacag
taagaatgcttaataaatccatatgaaacagctccttaaagtcacgtctcgctttcggtttcgggctttg
cccaagtgaaccgcgctcaggcacacctcttccaaccgggccagggccggccaagtaaaccgtgcttgag
cccaattcagcgcactcacacttctcaaactgtccgggaaacgggcctggccacggtacagatggcatag
tgtgagtagaccctaatacagccagaattaagtcatagtatttgacaaccagtccttctccttcaagcgt
catgctggttaccactttacaatattgggaagattaggccttttttatttagttatcttcttatttgtca
gtgaaaacatgacacaatgacaaaattatttgtcaataacatgttttcactgacaaaaaaaaagaaaata
aaacaaaaagaaataaacagtcctatttaaacctgctaaaatgtcaaagttaaatatttatattttctta
acaggaacaatcaaacgacaaaggtgaggtgccaacagagaacgggtctgctgagaagagtgacatagac
acagagaacgggtctgctgagaagagtgacatagacacagagaacgggtctgctgagaagagtgacatag
acacagagaacgaaaccagtaaacaggactcaagtgaatcagaaacatgtagtgaatatgttccatcaga
caaagagagcactgctgatgagcttgattcagaaagggagtcaggggtgcaattaaacactattgacaca
ttgattccttcagataaggattctttacatacaagcaagaaaaaaaaaaagatgacaatcaaaacaactg
ttaattgtcccaaaggcacaagaaaatggaacaaaaagcagtactgtttgtactgtcagaaaccccagag
caagatatcacgacaccttgaaaatcggcatgccaatgaacctgaggtttcaaaagctttctcttttcca
aaacactctaaaaaaagaaaagatcttctagagggaattcgaaataaagggaactattttcacaatgtag
aggttttggaaaacaaagatggagaaattgtaacttggcgtcaaccaaccgtggctgcagacatttcaga
ttttcttccttgccctcagtgtcttgggtttttcatgaagaaagatttatggaaacactcaaaggcatgc
agagcagagaacgttgttaaacgaaaaaaaggagagagagtgcggtccactgcagcttgccttctaccta
tggggtcagacacccctgctggtattagaacacttttgatgggtatgcgtgaggacagtatcgccaaagc
aataaccgaggatcgcttgatcatgttgtttggcgagtccatttatacaaagtgcggccacgaccgagct
cagcacccatacattgtacaaaaaatgcgagaacttgcaaggtttatggttaaggtgaaagagctatcta
agtcagtggaaacacttgagaaactgtgtgttcctcaaaactttgttctggcgatcactgcatgcaagga
ggtaagcagctacaatgctgaatcaaatctttttaaaactccttctttagctctcaaaattggttactca
ttaaagaaggcatgtcaggtaagcttaggccagagtcttatgtctggagacactgagacagaaaggaatg
taaaaaacttcatcaaacttattgacagtcactggagaaccaatatttcaagcaaggctctcaacaccct
tcagcaagccagatggaataagggtgataccataccgcttactgcagatgtcatggcattacagaaacac
ttgagaaagcaggaggaggtgtcaaaagaaaaactaaggaaaaatgcaaacgctgctgactggaaagttt
tagcagaaacaatactttgtcagattattttgttcaataggagacgtgaaggagaggcttctaaactact
ccttacagtttatgaaaagaggaatgtgaagcctgccaaccaggatgttgttaaatctctgactaagtta
gagcagcaactgtgcagtgaattgactagattggaaattcgaggaaaaagagggaaaaaagtaccagtac
tactgaccaaagacatggttgactcacttgatcttttaattggaagcagagagaaagttggggtcacaaa
agacaatccttatgtttttgcaaaagttgagtgttcagcccatattcgtgggtcagactgtctacgaaaa
tatgcagcagtgtgtggtgccaaagacccaaaaagcctgacttcaacccaactgagaaaacaagtggcaa
ctctgtgtcagattatgaacttaaaagataatgagcttgaccagttagctaaatttatgggtcacgacat
acgcgttcaccgcgaatattacagattgtcggaaaacaccatacaactagcaaaagtaagcaagttgctg
ttgtctctagagaaggggtctggagtatacaaaggaagatctttggaggaaatccagtttagcactgatg
gtaagtacagtggatttagtttgttttttactacagtaacttaaagtaatagtaatactgtttttaatat
tttttcttttagatttttaatatttgatttctgtcttggcttatttctaaacaaccctttcttgttggct
ttcttactgtctttaaataagacacagcatttaaaaaatgatgaacacttaatttgttcaaaaataaatg
tgaaatgaataaattagcataaaactgcaccagtcaagatgactcgcagtacccaaattatagtgttaat
cagtttaaagtggtcatacaaaccttgcaaaaaagtgccagagagctttgtaatatgtttaatgagcttg
atctgtttttatgtatatttctcttgaggcaaatttttttgtgtgtgtctgacagtgactggagaagaac
taagtcaaactacagatatgggtaagtattattgtgattttatcataagctatgaactgaaagtttgctt
gtttaatccataaaaggtgccaacattaacttttcaaaattgttgttatatttagatgaggaggaacaca
cttctgcttcaagaaaatccatcagtcactcttctcaacacaaacgacaaagttctgacacaggtgagtc
gtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcgtcgttaaaaattgtgttctgatgttcgtttactaaagcattcaaaca
aactgtttattgtcgttatatttagatgagaaggaacacacttcttcaagaaaatccatcagtaaatcat
ctaaacgcaaacgacaaagttctgacacaggtgagttgtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcgtcgttaaaaa
ttgtgttctgatgttcgtttactaaagcattcaaacaaactgtttattgtcgttatatttagatgagaag
gaacacacttcttcaagaaaatccatcagtaaatcatctaaacgcaaacgacaaagttctgacacaggtg
agtcgtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcgtcgttaaaaattaaatgtcagtacagcgttttgaacatgtcaa
ctgtttattgttgttagctgttaaagtgctcacagaagttgaggaggaacacacttctgcttcaagaaaa
tccgtcagtaaatcatctaaacgcaaacgacaaagttctgacacaggtgagttgtcatgaaccaacaatg
tatgcgtcgttaaaaattgtgttctgatgttcgtttactaaagcattcaaacaaactgtttattgtcgtt
atatttagatgagaaggaacacacttctgcttcaagaaaatccgtcagtcactcttctcaatgcaaacga
caaagttctgacacaggtgagtcgtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcgtcgttaaaaattgtgttctgatgt
tcgtttactaaagcattcaaacaaactgtttattgtcgttatatttagatgagaaggaacacacttcttc
aagaaaatccatcagtaaatcatctaaacgcaaacgacaaagttctgacacaggtgagttgtcatgaacc
aacaatgtatgcgtcgttaaaaattgtgttctgatgttcgtttactaaagcattcaaacaaactgtttat
tgtcgttatatttagatgagaaggaacacacttcttcaagaaaatccatcagtaaatcatctaaacgcaa
acgacaaagttctgacacaggtgagtcgtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcgtcgttaaaaattaaatgtca
gtacagcgttttgaacatgtcaactgtttattgttgttagctgttaaagtgctcacagaagttgaggagg
aacacacttctgcttcaagaaaatccgtcagtaaatcatctaaacgcaaacgacaaagttctgacacagg
tgagttgtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcgttgttaaaaattgtgttctgatgttcggttactaaagcatt
taaacaaactgtttattgtcgttatatttagatgagaaggaacacacttcttcaagaaaatacgtcagta
aatcatctaaacgcaaacgacaaagttctgacacaggtgagtcgtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcgtcgt
taaaaattgtgttctgatgttcgtttactaaagcattcaaacaaactgtttattgtcgttatatttagat
gagaaggaacacacttcttcaagaaaatccatcagtaaatcatctaaacgcaaacgattaagttctgaca
caggtgagtcgtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcgttgttaaaaattgtgttctgatgttcgtttactaaag
catttaaacaaattgtttattgtcgttatatttagatgagaaggaacacacttcttcaagaaaatttgtc
agtaaatcatctaaacgcaaacgacaaagttctgacacaggtgagtcgtcatgaaccaacaatgtatgcg
tcgttaaaaattaaatgtcagtacagcgttttgaacatgtcaactgtttattgttgttagctgttaaagt
gctcacagaagttgaggaggaacacacttctgcttcaagaaaatccgtcagtaaatctgcacataaaaac
agacttttagaatcaggtcagtagtcaatatgtaaattatgttttacaaataaacattgtatgtgtaata
ctgttaaacttacatgttgttgtaatttccagtagagttctcagaggatgaatctttcatgcaaccatct
ataaaatctggtcagtatttacattatatttatatttttatttaaacttaagacaaagcacataaaggag
cttttaattggaagcagcttgcctgaaacttcagtaaattatgttttagatggtcacagtttgatacatt
ttgtttctatattagttaggtatattaataatacacaccattgcctgagtcagtttaaattccttattta
gctttagctgtcacagcaagaaaaagaatttcatgtgcgctacataattcacatgattgtgaatttacca
cgtcccaaactgctattaagtttgtcagacatcagcagtgcatatactaatcaacgtatgatgtattgca
ggattttttttaagaatatttttataaattgctcttgtgttcctttgatatcataagctaatttcacaaa
cttaacattacaacatcataataatgtatgcaaactccagtctagataatgaagtaatactatgctgtgg
ggagtggggacaatggcatcataaaaaaaggccttgaggtttaactgacttgaaagctttgctgtctctc
agtgattagagcactgtgctagtgacgccaaggtcaggggcgaaaagccattatcgtcaaaaaagatatg
cagtaagacctttcaaaaatccgtgatttgaatattgtgtaatgaatttaattgatgttcattatgaatc
aaattaattaaaaggcattcaggacgcatcaagtcgtaacactgaatctggattctcacatacagtcatg
gacaaaattgtcacccttggtaaatagtggcaaagacggctgtaaaaataaatctgcagtttttcctgtt
gttcttttaatcaagtaatcagcaaaatgataacattttcattgaagttatacaatttaacgtgagggga
atataacgttatgaattttttttttctctggccataattgttggcacccttgtattcaaaactttctgca
acttcagtttgcatgaaaaacagctctgattttttccccttcatgcctgacaaggtttgtgaatactcat
tttccataggaactgggaggtttatggcagaatcaaaaaatttttttaatctgttggttatcttttggct
gttttgatataaaatatgatgacatttcatcaccttagaattacaaggttctatctgcatcttgaatgat
tttgagatactgagcttcaaagtttttgcaatccatagcaaacagtatgtgtaacatttgttttttttaa
ttaaaatgtaaacaacttataaaaacattccataatgtcatttaataagaatatgtcaataactcaattt
tgtcaaaaatgtcagataaaacctcataattctatggttacgatatatctgaacaagatgtcttggacct
tcgttgtacaattagatggaagaaaccacatgggaaagctattctgttgtcggaagatctgcccactggc
ctctgtccattatggcctcctaaccctccccatatcctaattggctttatcactctctctcctctccacc
tatcagctggtgtgtggtgtgtggtctagcgcaaaaatggctgccgtcgcgtcatccaggtggatgctgc
acactggtgctatccctgtgtgtaccaaacctttaatgtgttctagcttagggttagggaaataaaatga
ggaaaaaaaaatctaatttctaatggcgatagaagccagtcctggctgaagttccagtatggtaaattac
tatagtgtagttgggttttgcatgacagcagatgattggtttctttaacagtgtctaaaatgacttgttt
tgatggagatgtagttttcctttatttttactattaaaaaataaaaaattctgcaattttacatctgtga
tctttatagagtatttggtctcttaaattgttttccttgctgcacataaagacaatattgacacacatca
tgtttcaatcagatatttaacatctccagtccattaaacttctttatttccctgatgttggaaatgagaa
tatttaatttttaagtattttcttaaagccactttgtattatgtaaagatcaacaatcttttgctgtaca
tcaaaagtatattatttggttttaccctttgtgacaaatgattagattggtttgggctttgtgttactaa
tattaacttattaatctttgcaaaaagacgtcatgaccagacaacatcatgtttcctgtcaccatggtgt
gctaagaaattgaaaccttcaataaaattatatttaggagataatttactcataagaatttctaagggtg
cttataattgtggccagggagtattaaagaaaaaattcataaagttatatttcatctctgtcacacttta
ttttgatggtccgtttgtttaatttaagatacatgccaactaattcccattagattataagttgactgta
aggttgggcttggggttagagttagtgtaagttgacatgtacttgcaaggtttcttatagtcagttaaat
gtttgttgaaagagcagtatcagcacatattaagcaaacagtctactaatgctcaaatggacgatcaaaa
taaagtgttaccttcatcttacattaaatcgtttaagattaatacgttagaattttgctgaattttaatc
taaaagagctcaaggagaaaccatgcagatttatttttacagctgtctttgcccatatttaccaaaagtg
gcaataattttgtccatgactctaaatctttcagattcatacatatagcaacaacatttgcaaggatttg
gtttgttaatttcgtctttttgtttgtttgttttaggaaagaaagcccctaagaggccatggagtcccga
ggaacagttggccgtaaaagatacaatgcgcaagtttcttgcattaagaaaagtacctgggatggcagat
tgcctgtcatgtctggacaaaaatcctgttctaggctcaagatcgtggcgtgacataaaaaactttgtac
ataatacgattcagagtatgaaaaagaaacttgccacaattacttattaggtgctggagtaaaattttat
tttagttactattttttgtttcttaaggtaaatgacattattagcatttctacagaaattatgttttaag
agtccacctttatattgtacatttgtacttcattacaaatcatttacttacagtggtcttgtttaatgag
gttcgtacttgatgttcgagaaatcagtcgacttttgtgttaggtcggaactcaaagcactttatttaca
gttgtcttgctcaatgcggcctgtactgagatcgagaaatcagtcgacttttgtgttatgttacaagtca
aagcactttatttacagtggtcttgtttaatgaggttcgtacttgatgttcgagaaatcagacgactttt
gtgttaggttagaactcaaagcactttatttacagttgtcttgctcaatgcggcctgtactgagatcgag
aaatcagtcgacttttgtgttatgttacaagtcaaagcactttatttacagtggtcttgtttaatgaggt
tcgtacttgatgttcgagaaatcagacgacttttgtgttaggttagaactcaaagcactttatttacagt
tgtcttgctcaatgcggcctgtactgagatcgagaaatcagtcgacttttgtgttatgttacaagtcaaa
gcactttatttacagtggtcttgtttaatgaggttcgtacttgatgttcgagaaatcagacgacttttgt
gttaggttagaactcaaagcactttatttacagttgtcttgctcagtgcggcctgtactgaaataaaaaa
atttgcaacattgttatgttggattttttccccctcaactgtttgatgcattgtctttattaatagattt
caattttaaataattttatgtttgattatcattccaaaattgtttgtggaactcaaactcaggataatac
catttagagttgtcccttgcatttaggctattcatcatgctataagataatgctataataataataataa
tcaaataattttaaaaaatcaaataatcaaagtcggcgacgcaatagtagtgctgtcgcctcacagcaag
aaggtcgctggttcgagtcccggctgggtcagttggtgtgtctttgtggagtttgcatgttctccctgtg
ttggcgtgggtttcctccgggtgctccggttactgtctaaacacatgcgctatgggggattgggtaaact
aaattattcgcagtgtatgagtgtgtatggatgtatggaagggcatctgctgcgtaaaacataagctgga
taagttggcggttcattccgctgtggcgaccccggattaataaagggactaagccgacaagaaaacaaat
gatcaaagtcgtttatgttcgtttgtagcattataaatgtgacaaacctgaaaatagccctacttgacta
tgaaaaatcatttactaacaattaaaataatgctatatgaactttaaaaaaaatgctattaaaagagacc
tcacataagtatttgatccaccaaatgctgacatatgtgctgcaagtattgtaaaaacctttggtagaaa
ctttgattacatggtaaggttgataatttcatggaattgctcacagatctctcatccaaatgtctatagg
taatgtaaagttttcattttagatgtgacattataataatatttaaatgctttaatatttattttaacag
acaatatggcaatatttattaaaagacaagacactgaaaaaagcactttgccaaaccgcttttattgttt
attgcttgtcaagtttggacccggaagtggtaatgattgacgtcacatttaaaaatcattgtcggacctc
gcaagtccaatgatttgtcatgttagtgttttcttgttgttatgtttaaagtgattttggtgcttctggt
gacacctaaaggtgatttaacaaatcaaaaatttcctatgacccttacaatgcatagccttcacaagtac
tatgttttgtcaaagtcctcacaaatataggttaacaagta
>CryptonV-2_HSal	CryptonV	Harpegnathos saltator
aggatccgtttcaccggttatccttggcgaccaaggatcgcgcagggttccctcgcgccgttcggacggt
tccccgaaatcgtcatacatttcgcggtgtcggcatacgaaccaccctgtagaaaacgagaacatttcaa
aagcttggaaccaaaatttatctacaacattatataatacatctttagaaactacattgccctttggaca
aagtgtacgagatataaatatgtttaaacaaactgtagagcgtgaaagtaagaaagatttttgtatttat
tgcaaaaccgaaccgatcaactaagtctccatcttactagaaaacataaagatgtttattatacagagta
acaattattgttaaatatttacccagtgcacacaaagtaacgataacataacattaatattacaatatcc
cactcaatgatgtaactgttatataacatacacgttatataagttatattgttgaatgggaaattgtaaa
ttgatcgatgttatgttaccgttactttgtgttcactgaatattaatgttttattaataagtaataagta
attcatatgagggaataatataacaattaaagtatattattttttgtgtatagaagatgaagataatata
agtaacatcatttcaagcaataaatcaaatgattctttttatattcctgattcaaattttgatacagaaa
atacagaaaacatttcgaaggttagaaatcaaactgtatctaaaacatcaaataatacatctttagaaat
gtcattacccttggacaaagtgccccagatgatacaaatatgtgtacaaactgtagaacgtggaagtaaa
aaagatttttgtatttattgcaaaactgaacagactaaactaagtcgtcatcttatgaggaaacagaaaa
atgaggaagaaataaaaaatattatgtgtattccaaaggggcaaacaaagcgtagaattttgataagtca
aattcgtaaaaatggacaatttctttttaacactaattcagatattaatacaggtgaattgaaagttatg
cgacgtccaaatactaaatctaataaaaatgccactgatttttgtacatgctcacaatgtaaaggtaact
attctaaatcagctattcgtcatcactacaaaagatgtagtaaaaagaattctgcaaataatagatctat
attatacaaatcaagaagaatcacttgtcggattcatgaatccgcgtctaaaattcttcgaaaacgtgtt
tttcctacaatgaaagatgacgatgtttcgcgaattattagatatgacgaattggccattgattatggga
acaaattatgtgaaaaatatcacgatccgcacttttatgatataatttgacagaaattgcgtcaaattgg
tcgtctacttttcgagatgaagaatcaaaatgacaaaattgatgatctttttacaatctttgtacctgat
aattatgataattgtctcgaagctatcagaactttagcaggtttaaatgaatcgggaactggatttaaaa
ctccgtcattggcaacatcactgggaactttgttaaaacaactttgtaaacgttgcatcaccataatgat
taagaaacgtgataaggtaaaataaaaattcgcagaagaattcttaagtttactaacggaagattatgca
ccatctattgctcgaacagctgttgaaactcaacttcgaaaaagaagacagtcaacaattttactaccaa
ctaaagatgacattaagaagttagaggcttatttaaataataagctgaagatggcttacgattcgttgaa
agaaacattttctgcaaacgcatgggaagctctggcagaaagttgtctgctatctcaattatttaaccga
cgtagaccaggagaagtagaacgggctttaatagaagatttttacaattatcaaaaagtgaaccaaaata
caataggtacggtttatgtttctctcagtaaagatgagaaaaaagcgaccgagaagtatgtccgatttac
tatgagaggaaaattaggccgtaccgtaccggtattacttcataagcaaatgctggaaaatttataatta
cttctaagttatcgtaaagctgccaatgttcatccaaacaacccatatctttttggaatatctggcatac
taaaaggagattaccgttacttaagagcatgtgatctcatgagaaaatatttagaggaatgcggagcatt
gtatccagatagattacgaggaactaatttaagaaaacatatagctacaatgtgtactaatttaaatcta
acagaccacgaagtttccgatttggctaattttatgggtcacgctgataaaattcataaaaaacactatc
gtcagcccattttaagtagagaaatatttcaggtatctaaattactagaaattgtacacggagtagatac
atatagcgatgaagaaaatgaaaataatctagaacaaggtaattctcgtcagaatatgtcattagataag
tttatttcgcttctatttttgttttaataacattgtccaatactattttgcaacactagaaggaatagtt
attttcaatatattttgcttgctgaacatatcgaacgaatctattgatcaaatttgtcaatgacattaca
gttttaagaaaaataacgtcaaggcgacatgaaaatgatcctgggataaaatattattaaagtgaaaaat
catttctcctacattttgttaatgctaggcaaaaatatcagcttttaactttaaattgcatttcgtttta
gtatgagtttctgtttttaagatatagctagaagtctggtcttgagtgtacaacatcaatattgttatat
cagtgtaatttttgtctaatcaatgaaaataataatttgacataaaacaatatattttaaaattaagttt
tggtaactttggcattagcaaaatttaaaaaagcaattgatgccagtgctacaatattatgaaaattctc
agaatcattgttttctatttctttgtatgattcttgtatgatttaaattgtatggtttaaatgtagtttc
atttttctcaaaattgtggcacaaccagctcaggacaatgaatttgtatcca
>CryptonV-2_OL	CryptonV	Oryzias latipes
agattaattttcatttgccttttttttctttttaagaccagagcaattgatttatcatcagatgaatcaa
gtggagctagtgaccaagaatatattccaaatccaagggaggaaagcacagacagtgatgctagcatgga
atctgaaagtaaaagaaagaaggaaatcagacaaacgcatagcaagaggcctttcaagaagacccagcaa
aagggtagaaagagaaaatgcctcaaaggtaatctggaaagtacacaaaagcccacagatggcagacagg
atgcaagtacagatagtgacaaagaatttacgagtcccagggagcaaagcacagacagtgatgctagaat
ggaaaacaaaagtaatagaaaaaagaaagcaattaaacgaacgtatagcaagaggacaaacgttgaagct
aatcttgaaggtacacaaaaaccaacatctgacagacagaatgcaagtgaacatgtaacgtcaactcttg
aagaacagccatcaatctttgttaatccggttttaaaaaagcaggatggctcaagaagttacaacaagaa
acattactgcttttactgtggacagctagttcaaaagatgtcaaggcatttgatccgtaggcataatgac
aaaattgatgtgataaaagccacaagctttccaaaaaactcaaaagaaagacgtatacagctagattata
ttaggaataaaggtaactttcaacataacaaagaggttatggaaataagtcaaggcaaactcattccctg
gaaacaaccaaaaaataaagctaaaggagaagaatttgctcattgtgtctactgctatgggctttttaca
aaacgtgtgatgtggcgtcattttcaggtctgcaactttaagccaaaggaaaactcttcaaaaccaggta
aaacaagagtccaagctttgtgtgcatttgcagagcctgctccacctggtttccctgatgcttattggaa
attcctaagtgaaatgaatcaggacagtgtagctgttgcagtaaagaaagatcactacctcctattgtat
ggtaacagattgtttcataagaacaagaaagtaatttctcaacatcagtacataagacaaaagctcagag
agcttggaagatttctactggaatcaaataaagtttcacctgtcaagaccatcaaggacctcatcaaacc
agagaaatacagtcaagttgtgactgctgccagatccctggcaggatttaatgaagaaacaggccaatat
catcacccgtcacttgcacgaaaagtcggacacagcttacattcttttgctatgtttgtaaagtctgaag
gactaaaatctcgggacaaacaagctgtacaggatgctgagcaatttgcacagctgtaccaagaaagttg
gcggtttgatatcgcaagtcaggcactaacccaacttgatcaggctaaatggaattctcctcaactctta
ccattcacagaggatgttcagcaacttcactgctatttatcagaaaaacagcaacaccagttgagtgccc
tgaatcaagagtcttctcctataaactggaaagacctggcaaaagtgacactagcacaaattattctctt
caatcgccggagatcaggagaggtatccaggatgcctttgtcagcatacttatcaaaggacttgtcagac
aactgcaaagataccaatttggctcttaccacacttgagcaaaaactttgcaaacattttgtgagaatca
caattgcaggaaagaggggaaggaaagttgctgttcttttgacaccacttatgagagagtcccttgatgt
gctaaccaagaagagagaagattgcggtgtgctgagtgaaaatgggtatttgtttgctttgccgcattct
tttcattacctcagagggtcagattgcatacgacagttcgtgaatgaatgcagtgggctaaaaaatccca
cagcacttacctcaacaaagctccggaaacacattgctacgatgtccacagttttaaatcttaagaccac
agaactagaccagctggcagacttcctcggtcataacatcgaagtccaccgaaagcactaccgtcttcca
gagggcacccttcaactggcaaaaataagcaaggttcttttggcgctggagcagggacgccttggagaat
ataaagggaagagtttggatgaaattcatcttgatgtgaacggtatt
>CryptonV-3_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
tttcttattgcagaagacgaagatgaagtaagtcgtactggttcaatcagtgaatcaaatgattcatctt
atagacctgattcagatacttctgaaaacagtaatgtagaagataaaaataattcgaaaacttcgatgat
agacaaaaatcaagatttacaaatttctaaaacatcacataatacaactctagaaaggtcactttctcct
agacatgcgccagatgacacaaatatgtttgtaaaaactgttgaaactggaaataagaaagatttttgtg
tttattgccacacggaacaatccaaactgagtcgtcatctcagtagaaaacacagcaatgtaaaagaagt
aaaggatatcttaaatattcctaggggacaaccagagcgtagaatcttatttaacaaaattcgtaaaaat
ggacattatctttttaatactaattcagatgtcaatacaggtgaattaaaagttatgcgacgtcctaatg
ttaaatataataaaaatgctagtgatttttctatatgccctcaatgcaagggtaactattccaaatcagc
tcttcgacatcattatagaagatgcagtaaacgaaattctacatacaatagaactatattatccaaatca
aggaaaattactggtcgaattcatgaatctgcgtgtaaaattctccgggaacgcgtttttccaacattga
gagatgacgatgttacaagaattataagatatgatgaattggctattaattttgcaaataaactatgtga
aaaatttcaagatcctcacttttatgacatgatacgacaaaaattgcgtctgattggtcgtctctttctt
gaaataaagaatcaaaatgataaaatcgatgatctctttacaatttttgtaccagacaattatgataact
gtctcagagctgttagaactttagcaggtttaaatgagttaggaactggctttaaaaccccgtcagtagc
aacatctttgggtactttactaaaacaactttgcaagcgatgcattaccgtaatgataaagagatgcgat
aaagaaaaacgaaaacttgcagaacaatttttaaatctattagtagaagattattcatcttctattgctc
gaacagctgttgaaacactgcatcagaaaaaaagatactccaaaaaattactaccatctcaagatgatat
taagaaattagaaacttatttaaatgatacactaaaaacagcttccgactcattaaagcaaacattttct
ttaaatacttggaaaacgttggcagaatgttgtttgctgtctatccagttatttaaccgacgtagatctg
gagaaatcgaacgtgctttaattgaagattttcagaattatgaatcagtgaatgaaaatacagtaggtac
gtcttacctatcgcttagcaatgaagaaaagaaagcagcacaaaaatatgttcgattcactatgagaggg
aaattaggccgcactgtaccggttttacttcataggcaaatgttagaacatttacaattacttctaagtc
atcgtgaaactgcaaaagttcatctaaaaaatccataccttttcggaatacctggcatattaaagggaga
ttatcgttacttaagagcatgtgagcttatgagaaaatattcacaggaatgtggagcttcaaatccaaat
acattgcgaggaactaatttaagaaagcacatagctactatgtgcactaatttaaatttaagagatcatg
aagtttctgatttggctaattttatgggtcatgcggataaagtacacaaagaacattatcggcagcctat
tttaagtagagaaatattccaagtgtctaaattattagagattgtacatggaaaagacaatgatgaagaa
gcagaggaaattgatatagagcaaaataattttcatcaaagtatatcgtcgcgtaagtttatttgtttct
ctttgtttatcttaatttttaagttgtcaacatacgttatcaacattagttatactaataattattatat
tatttataat
>CryptonV-3_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
gtctatgctaccaagaggggaccgtcgctctatacaggccaagaggggaccagggtttctgctcatttta
ataaaataaaaatcacatacaaaattttcttttatggtcttttttcataatataactgaaaataagtatt
ttaatttttttttaaaacacatgccaagtggggacctgaagctctgggcgacatctacctatccagcagg
ggaccttcatagactgcagagacactgagtgtgaaacacacagactgctggaacacagactctaaactca
caatctgactttatttacatgcttaactctaacattttaaacatttatatattattaaatattgtaatag
tgacattaaaacctaaataattgagtttaatctgcataaattgtttgttatatatgtgcatatatatcag
tatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatata
tatatatatatatatactgctcaatttaaatgagtacacacatttaatcaacatcttagtgaatattgac
aatatgcactcctgtatttttactaaaacacacaccaagtggggacctgaagctctgagtgtgtctacct
atcctttagagactgctggaacacagacattaactcacaatctgacattatttaatgctaaactctaaaa
cctttttaaaacttttaacatttatatattattaaatattctaatagtaactttatatgttaaataattt
agttttacctgcaaatacagaagtcaacatttgaagtggatcataaaagtatatttattcaatagcttta
ggacaattttgaagaaaagttttgatccacttgttggttgatcaaccagatgttgactgcattttagact
tgaaattaaaataattatatatgtatatacagttgtagtcagaatttttagccaccctgtatattgtttt
caccacatttctaaacataatagttttagtaactaatttctaataactgatttcttttatctttgccatg
atgacagcacataatatttgactagatgtttttcaagacacaagtattcagcttaaagtgacttttaaag
gcttaactagggtaattaggttaattaggcaagtcattgtattacagtggtttgttctttaaattcacaa
tatgcaaattttataaaaactcatgccaagtggggacctgaagctctgagcggcgtttacctatccaaca
ggggaccttagctggaacactgaatttttaatcataatctaactttatttaatgttaaactttaggacaa
actttggccacactaatatatttttcgtttaaaacacatatttgtttcggccttctttccacactgagat
ggcatttttaggaaatgaaaaatggatatttaccatttatttatgaaaaatatgacaacggcattttcgt
gttgcagtgtggactgtggaaactgctttcataataaagctgccaatgaacatcatcaaaaacatctgct
ttagattaatgtcagtttggtcatgctccagtctgtctggaaatacatgaagaaacagaacaaactgaca
aaaactcaatccagaactttggccaaatctctaagatatttcagaacacctaaatatatacactgcccaa
cttaaatgagcacacacacatttgatctatttctcagtgaatgttactgtatttttactaaaacacacac
caagtggggacctgaagctctgagcggcgtttacctatccaacaggggaccttttgaaacttttttgaaa
ctttttctctaagatatttcagaacacctaaatatatacactgcccaacttaaatgagcacacacacatt
tgatctatttctcagtgaatgttactgtatttttactaaaacacacaccaagtggggacctgaagcactg
agcggcgtttacctatccaacaggggaccttttgaaacttttaactttaattaactttatttaaatgata
acttttgaagaattaaacctttacttattattaaatattctgaaagaaacattaaatgctaaataaataa
tagttttttttttgatcaggtttcagaggttttgttgtgaagtgagaaactaaattacccaactgtgttc
agtttcattttagtggttaatgtcaaaataattaaattttttatatttatttgaagtataagaataaagt
ctgagttatttacaatttatcacgattgactgatgtatgtagtattttctttttcttttctttttttaaa
gaaaaatacatgattttgtttctaattactggtaagctggtatgttttttattcttttaagtatttttac
agtgtatgttttaaggcaattgctgttttttaaataattatcaacactgttgtttcagagatattcaaca
agtgaaatattagtaaatatgaagtcatctgaacatgtgttgctccatactatctaagctaggctggtta
agaacgatgtttcatttattcgtcatttctcagcatcacaaacacaacataaagattttggagctcaaaa
ctcaatatttgttttactgctgaatactgttttttttcaagggtttcaaaggttttgttgtgaagtgagg
aactaaattacccagttgtgtgtagtgtcagaatatttgcattttttaacatttattcaaggaataggaa
tgaaatctgatttatttataatttatccatcactgtaaaatgctgggttccacacaacagagttgtgttg
ggaaaacatgaaggaattaagtcaacttattagtccacatctctaggatgtttcaaaacacctaaatata
tacactgtccaatttaaatgagcacacacacatttgatctatttctcagtgaatgttactgcatttttac
taaaacacacaccaagtggggacctgaagcactgagcggcgtttacctatccaacaggggaccttagctg
gaacactgaatttttaatcataatctaactttatttaatgttaaactttaggacaaactttggccacact
aatatattttttgtttaaaacacatatttgtttcggccttctttccacactgagatggcatttttaggaa
atgaaaaatggatatttaccatttatttatgaaaaatatgacaacggcattttcgtgttgcagtgtggac
tgtggaaactgctttcataataaagctgccaatgaacatcatcaaaaacatctgctttagattaatgtca
gtttggtcatgctccagtctgtctggaaatacatgaagaaacagaacaaactgacaaaaactcaatccag
aactttggccaaatctctaagatatttcagaacacctaaatatatacactgcccaacttaaatgagcaca
cacacatttgatctatttctcagtgaatgttactgtatttttactaaaacacacaccaagtggggacctg
aagctctgagcggcgtttacctatccaacaggggaccttttgaaacttttttgaaactttttctctaaga
tatttcagaacacctaaatatatacactgcccaacttaaatgagcacacacacatttgatctatttctca
gtgaatgttactgtatttttactaaaacacacaccaagtggggacctgaagctctgagtggcgtttacct
atccaacaggggaccttagctggaacactgaattttaatcataatctaactttatttaatgttaaacttt
aggacaaactttggccacactaatatattttttgtttaaagatgaagatttaaacctttacttattattg
aatattctgatagaaacatttaatgctaaataagttctacctgcaaatattttaggcttgacattgaaag
taatacatgtaatagatataaagcatacaaataaaacatacaaaaaatatattttttataatttgcccaa
tttcggaatgtttataaaaaaatctctcaagtatttttacagtgtacgttttaaggcaattactgtgttt
tttttatttttataattaatatatattcagtctttttacagtttttacagttactttttatgttttaagg
caataactgttttctttttcaataattatcaacactgttcttacagagatattgaaaaagggaactatta
gtaaatataaagtcatccaaacatgtgccgctcaatactaaaggctgatttatactttctcctggcgcag
catcgtgaacctctgctgacagcgtgcgcaacatacagacgagccttttatgacgcgtccgctgttgaca
tattctttacaatgtcaggtggttgtcaaaagaaaacccccggaaaatcagacagataaatagagaagtc
attaataatcatatatatttatcataaatgtcgttcaagatttttttttaattattgttattttaaacaa
tttttataatcatttaagatttttttattttcaaactttgttgcatcacttgcttttgtgtttatatctc
tgacagttctacctaaagtttattaacatattaatgacaacagaacatgggttgctatataaacatataa
gtttatcatggcaagaatacaagcaaaaaatatatgaaaaatacacaaattcaaacaaaaagttacctta
gggctattacttattattttacttgtatttaaactgtttatatttatttggtcataaatgcataacacat
tactctgtataatataaacattttcacaattcgtaaattaactgtttaagttaaatgtgcaattttcaca
atattgactcaaactcttcgtacaaatatgtagtttaaccctgaaaatgtagataacacataaacatcaa
aacacttcaaaacttgtttttagtcagcgtctaaacaaaagtaaattacatctgaaggtttttcacgtgg
ccaataacagtagctgtcaaatctatctacatacgaatcattgcacaaaaataaaaatcgttcaagtcat
acttcaattaaataagcaaatatatatttaaaggtttgtattttatttgacaaagtatatagtactctgc
agtgtttgtgtgtgtatgtgtgttatatttactatgagtgttacataatacatactattttacaaacatt
tctgcctgatgattcaaaataggagacaaagcttttttttaccttgctaaattataaagcaaacacaagc
atgctgactctattttttagatttagcccattccacaatacacacattactgtctggctggtttgtgtcc
tctactgatatgctaaaaaggcaataatggtccaacatttctgaccattatcgccagtaaagcccagata
aacaggccattagtacactgtaaactgattggttaaaatttttctttctagtcaaaagaataatttagtt
tagtgtcattttagtgtttaatatttctttgcatttatttgaaggagttatttaaaatttatcacgattg
actgtatgtagtatttttttttaaagaaaaatacatgattttgtttctaattactggtaagctggtatgt
tttttattcttttaagtatttttacagtgtatgttttaaggcaattgctgttttttaaataattatcaac
actgttgtttcagagatattcaacaagtgaaatattagtaaatatgaagtcatctgaacatgtgttgctc
catactatctaagctaggctggttaagaacgatgtttcatttattcgtcatttctcagcatcacaaacac
aacataaagattttggagctcaaaactcaatatttgttttactgctgaatactgttttttttcaagggtt
tcaaaggttttgttgtgaagtgaggaactaaattacccagttgtgtgtagtgtcagaatatttgcatttt
ttaacatttattcaaggaataggaatgaaatctgatttatttacaatttatccatcactgtaaaatgctg
ggttccacacaacagagttgtgttgggaaaacatgaaggaattaagtcaacttattagtccacatctcta
ggatgtttcaaaacacctaaatatatacactgtccaatttaaatgagcacacacacatttgatctatttc
tcagtgaatgttactgcatttttactaaaacacacaccaagtggggacctaaagctctgagcggcgttta
cctatccaacaggggaccttagctggaacactgaatttttaatcataatctaactttatttaatgttaaa
ctttaggacaaactttggccacactaatatattttttgtttaaaaacacatatttgttttggccttcttt
ccacactgagatggcatttttaggaaatgaaaaatggatatttaccatttatttatgaaaaatatgacaa
atgcatttttttaattatttattgccagtttaacattttataagattagtcaaattaaaactaaccagtt
accaatgttttgaacccccattcgttcctactgaaatttgcatgactataccaacattaatggggctatt
tgagtcttatccaatcatgatccagatacagtagctgggtcggtttgtgtgaatatatattctgggtact
taacagaacctccattaacttttttgctaagtaacaaataacaactttggaggacaaaactgcttgtaga
ttactacattggagatttttcaacctactaaatagaccatacaaagaaaagtctactgaggccatatttc
atccaactttgtcatttaagacagaaaaggtaagttgcacattctcaatttatattataataatatctaa
atgctaacatgataaaatgtttgttaaaaatgcaatgtagtgctttggtgaatttttactatatactaat
tttttattataattttttttgtaagtcagtaatgtaagtaaagctttatttatatagcaccttttaataa
aagtaaatcggaaaacaggtaaaagaaaatatatcaatatggtcaaatgcactgtaccctaaatatgttt
taacatatttcataggaatatgagacctagaagagtctgtgcggaaaaggaagctttggaatttattgct
tctggaacagataaagacatctttcagaaaaaagttataagtcaagagaaaggtaagttatcattcaaga
ttctgcctccagcactgtaagactgtaaatcccatctaacaacgaatttgattaacacatataaaaagac
attagtgtgtggatgtggaatgtgtgaaatctttaaaacattaaagtatgattgggattgattttctttc
aaattatttctatacaattagtgtttttcctgtttagactgcaccagccagaatgctcctgtattatgat
gtcacatacattgtaaatctagacatacacaatgtagactatttttactgaatatggctacacagataag
catttacttaatcacacttgtaaatacagtatgaaccttttatataaactattttactttttcacaacaa
tatgacttacacaaaaccatatcattgcgaccttacagaaaaccagtcataagtgtcaattgtatacatt
tttctgaaaaataagaataaattagctttgcattgatttatggtttgttgaaacaggacattatttgtca
gaaaaacaattacttcagaaatctgagggagcaaaaaatctaaatattgagaaaaagtttactctatttt
aaaagtggtttaaaacttagctctaaaacttggtttacctcttagcaatgcatattactagtcatgaatt
cagttttgatgtatttatggtaagaaattgtcaatggaaaataacttaatgttttattgatttttgggaa
taaagtcaaatctattattttaacccatgcgatgcaattttggtttttgccaaaaatatacccatgcaac
ataaggttggtttgtggtccagggtcacatataagctatacagttatgggcttcataagcagtaccacct
gtaaggatgttgtttgcatttgttcagacaaaaaaacatttccctaaaaacttcctaaaatgttgcaaat
gcaaaaacacatttatttgtgaattggaggactctaataacaacatctaaaaggtgaacacattttgttt
gctgtttatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatata
tttgtgtcgcacagggttataatcacttatactctatttattaggttatggagtaattgcctgcaaagac
attgagccaggagaattcctgcttgagtatgctggaagacacataactggatctgaaggagaggctctgt
ttaaagagtactcagctgaagatgccgcgtttctgtacttctactcctaccagggacatttatattggta
agatgattgttctatgataagatgaattgttcatatatatatatctatatatagtttgtatgtttgcttt
aaacttacaatcattttgtcaacaattatattcacacagtgttgatggcagtaaagacacagaacgactt
ggacgattcattaacgatgatcacattaagccgaacagcaaaattaaaatagtaagtccatctttgtatt
atttacttgtattaatttatacctacagtttcatatcatcaagccaaacagctataatgtattttatata
tatatatatattcatacacaatacatgactacttatatgatgattatttgtgcgtgtgtgtgtttgtttg
tttgtgaacaacagatatgtgatggtgaaaaaagaccacatttatgtgcgtttgcaactacaaaaatccc
tgcaggagaagaaattgtctttgactatggagatcctgactgcccatggagacatgtatgtaaatttgca
gttatataatgtgagcaatttatttcataaagctatttatttcataaagtttcataaagacctcatccac
agaggtcatggtaaatgtatatagtttctatttattttatgtttctaagttatagtttctatgtaattta
tttagtttctttatttgactttctaagtgaaaacatgacagcaggactaaatcaagagttacgtatttct
tacacttgttttacaggaaatagccaatatggataattccttgcctcaacaacacaatgagatagacatc
tcagagaatgtttgcgatgatgtgacggaatcatcattatccaacaatgaagaggaatgctctaaatgtg
aaatggtaattaagtgtttatttacataaccattgatttggaataacgcagagactgttgcaaagtaatt
acatgcaaatgtttatgaatttcagaacaacatggatcaacagctttcccttttcgtggaaatgttggaa
gaagaagaagagggagaaaaagaggagggtgaagaagaagaagaggaagaaaaagaggataatgatgaag
aagaagtaagcgaaacaaaagaagtacaagggaaaatagaagcacaaaaagccatccgtggtaaaccact
taagaagacaatgacagaaatggatgaaagtgctaatgattgtcaaaatcaacatatgattaaggtgaaa
acgtcctcaaacaaaccatgccaacggatctacgacaaaaagaatgtctgcctttactgtgaaaagccat
atgcaaaaataacaagacatctcaaacaaaaacatcatggagaagttgaagttgcaaaggcattgtcaca
taagcaaggctcaagcatgcgaaatcttttattaactaaagtacggaacctgggaaatttccaccataat
agtgcagtcctatccacaggaaaaggggagatcataccaaaaaggcaagctttgaatgtgtcagtagcaa
ctgactacctgccttgcaagttttgctttggtatgtatgtcaaaactgacctctggaggcatcataaacg
ttgcaagttacaaaaaaaagagaatattctggtgaggcggaaggttcaggcaagctgttccctgctgttg
cccatggactcaacaatttcagctggacttcaaaagattattggagacatgacatatgatgctgtaaccc
aggtggtaaaatcagacacattaattttgtcattaggtgaaagaatgttcctaaagaatggtgaagttgg
acgataccgcgctgacatcagaaataagatgagggaacttgccagactacttcttgtggcaagatccatt
gacaaggacattgttactttgaaggacttgatcaacccagcaaagtttaacacagtacttgaagctgtga
aaaagatgaccggatttgacggatcaacaaatagattttcagttccatcaacagcacttaaactacgaca
ttctcttattaaagtggcacaaattttgcaaggggaggctttacgccacgaagatgaagctttaaaggga
cgagcagagcactttaataagcttattgaactggaatggacaatccatgtgtcatcaaatgcactaaaaa
cactataccagaaaaaatggaatagtgcacaaattctacctctagcagaagacatcaggaagcttcaaaa
gcatttaaagtatcttgaggaggtcaacaaacaagaactcaatgaccatccatccaaaagctcatggagt
gatctctcccaagtcactctttcacagttaattttgtttaatcggcgtcgtgaaggagaagtttctagaa
tggaggtcaaaacatatctgcagagaaaccacatcaacatacaggatgatattttggagagtctatcacc
gtttgagaagaaattatgtgagaatctcaccagaatagaaataagaggaaagaggggtcggaaagttcca
atattattaccagcaaatgtaaaggaatcagtagaacttctaatcaaaacaagagaagatgctgggattt
ctcaagctaacccttacatatttgcccgtcccaattatggatcactagagaacatgcgtggatgtgacag
cttaaagcgatacgctaaaagctgtggggctaaacatccagagaacatcacttctactaaattgagaaaa
catgtggctacagtttctcagttactcaacttaaaaacacatgaacttgaccagcttgccacatttatgg
gacatgacatctatgtccatagggagttttatagactccctgaagaaacgttgcaaatggcaaaagtcag
cagaattctttttgccttgcaaagtggaataagcaaatataaaggacaatctttggaggacataacacct
aacataaactgtaagtaaatgatttctgtgtattgtgctttataaacaagggaaatgctgcacacttggt
aaaactttgtcaatttaatatattataaataatatttaatcatttcagctgaagagggctccagctcaga
ctcagaggatggtaattctaaaaaacagacaagcagaggcggtaagttttaagttgtcattttttaatat
aattattactaatattgagttaggaattatatacttaaatgcaatatggctataatttagtgtgcaattt
taattaagggttgcttctccatgtttcagaaaatgctgacaaagagaaagatctttctgaaattagggat
ctcgactctggaaaggctgcagcctctcatgaggtgattggacatatgagtaatccactattgtccttca
gtcaaaaacgtatgtgattctatacactaaaatacggaagttctaagcatttctttttacaattgaaaga
tgtcttttgtgttttcaacttgtataactctgtaatactgacattacattttacttattcatttcttcgt
atatttaataaccaactaaatttctttctcctctccttctttattaggaaaacccaaaaagccctggtca
gaaacagagaggaaagtcatagaactctatttcaagagcaactttaaagaaatgaaggctcctggaaaag
tggactgtgaaaaatgcttaaacaaaaatacaattttaaaggataatggaagagattggaaagcagttaa
atactttgtgcacaacagaataatttcgattaagaggaatttgactcaagggtatcatgctctatatccc
tgagagcttgtgatgtggactatcagtgttgaatcataactgtaatagtctatgtaaatggagcatcagt
gtgtcaaataattgatattagcttgttttagatgcatgtctaaacttttcaagcaacaaagtctattctg
cttgggcctctcagttattgaatgccttgttatgactttggttttagccactttaaaattttacaaattt
ctttattttacctttaataccaccttttttcctttaccaaactatatatgtttattgtgattttaaattt
acagaaagtgaaagcaacttatttaaaaagtattacagaaaaaaatatagtattatttaatgttattgat
tttattgttgtcaacctgtagcctggagccacttatcactgagggtggaattgcactactgcaagggggg
tggggacgggtggggttggggggctggtctggggtgctctattagtgagcttatgctattttgcaggtaa
actcagcttgacagtttatcactttgaagagcatttccattgtgtgtgcaacttgcaatccaacaagtca
aaatgtgcaataagtgcttttaacaactaaacgtttttaggcagctgtaactaataatgaaataaaacat
tttttaaataataatgcaaaataatattaaaataaaatgaataagaaagttttaaacagcagaaagtcat
aaacagcaacaggtctgtgcatgtagcagtgaactctgaaacaaccatgttggcaataaagttaatttaa
ttaattttgaaaaaaaatacaattaaatgcagcgctgcacgaactgttcgcttgagtctgtaaaaaaaat
tgtgtgctctgccagccgaaagcatgtcgcgtgcacccaaagtgaaccctggcaaacaccgcgataatgt
cacagatatttgttgacttggaaatgtgcagctggctcacattatttatatgacctaaggatgttcaatt
ttatgttgttttatttccctgattgacaacttacacttgttaaccagtccttacctgttagtgacatgta
cctttggaattaaatctaaccaatataatgcacaatattgacatcatgggtcaatgattcattcagtcat
gaccactagtagcttttaacttcatattaattaaattaaatataataaatacaattaaatgcagtacaac
aatgaaacatgttacctaaactgagatgtgatatgttttttaggtttaggtccacggtttgtgcacaatg
ctcttatgttgtaaaatcaaagccacatattgcaacagcaacaaaacactgtggaacgtctgatcaacac
tagaaaagtctcttgaaatcagtactgaccctgataaagcagacatattcactcacagattcacttttcc
actaacagccacagttcagcttctggaattggttcgcatgaacatttttaaaccatcaaagtggattttt
aatataattatctttttagtttcatctgtgttgtcttgtatgtcaaatattgaaatgttagcagtgtttt
catgagtgtgaaatttagtttatgatattgtgactttgctgaggtatgtgtgtgttactgacgcgtctga
gagtgtgtcttctctgtatagagatgtaaatgagcagcgggggtcaagacagtggaggagggggtcagca
gcaacacaaactctgctagcctctcttcactttagtctgctagaaatctcttaaatttaaccgtctttgt
tgaacaaaatggcagtgatgctcaaacaattacagcattaatcaaaagctgatgaagatatatcataaac
tattttcctttggtttctttattttcatgttctctgttctatagttgatgataatctgagatctcaggcc
ctgtccacagcaataattgttttgggttttttttgcattcatacaagcattgtttcaagggctgcgagca
gatggaaatggggaaactggttaaaatggtgtgatgtgtatgctacaccttatagagtaaaacaagcaga
cagagtagcaagatacactaaatcacagaatagttgtgcttcagcacaaaaatggcaacaaagattacta
aagtcagacgattttactatcatgtgacttttgataatctgtgaatcctcatgttctttatgctgctgtt
tatcatttatttacaactatacccctgcaaaacctgtcacagacacatatccattttaatttaatttaat
tcaaattacattttcagctaaagactggttaacaaacagaaatgaaataataatgtttattttgttttat
tttcctgattgaaaacttacacttgttaaccagtccttacctgttagtgacatgattagaaatgtacatt
tggaattaaacttatttaaaatggataaataaggattaatgtcatttcgagctatggtttacacaacact
ggtgctgtcctgaaacgaactttttgaacaatggcttacagagtaaaaacctgtaactctggaagaaatg
gactttatgaagtgtcttgactgaagttagtttgtcatgggccatgaatgaaaagttagtgactgaaatg
gcagaggtggcctgatggtggagaatttgtatccgccatcagctgtttggactcatagtgtgagaaatga
actgcagttgaacttgtcgcaaaattattaacaaaataccaaaaatcacatatggtacaatgatgaacac
taacttgttgttgtgtaaaatgcaggaggaaactagcgtctaatgctgatgtaatgatgataatccagca
atgtgctataacatgtcaaatgggatcatgaaaggagcattcaaaaatcaactcatgtaaactcctgaat
catatcaatgccttattctgattaagaaacataattagattactgatgtctatgtaaacaaaatcattga
cagattacagagctgtgtttgtgctgcaggcactgctaagtttatttacactactataacaacatggtaa
agctgtgttaactctgtgcttggttgtgtctttgccatcatcttctgtttctgtctgtactctgcatgtt
aatgactcttctgtgagtttactgtatccagcatataggtgtggtatacacctttataggtattacacca
ttttaacccgttctcccatttcttgaaataatactagtatgaatgcaaaactttataaatctgcaaaaaa
tcaaaaaataaatataacaatcgttgttgtgtagacagggcttgagatatcctgaactatagaacagagc
acatacaatcaaagaaacaaaaataaaagtgtttatgatatatcttcatcacttttttctttaaatgtta
aaaagtgtttttgtttcctatttttgaattgtcatgattgtcattttgagaaacacagacagttggaggt
tagagacagagttagaggtttgtgttgctgctgaccacaccactgtaacccccactgctcatctacatct
ctatacagagcagacacactctcagacgcttcagtatacaacacacactacagagaacagttccatatgc
agaaagtacagaaagactttgtcagtggtagtaattaatagtgatctgattatttaaagtaacgtttaaa
tatttgatataaaagacaacacagacaaaactaaaaaggtaattatataaaaaaaatccactttgatggt
ttaaaaatgttcaggcatgaacattttttcaatttccatctgctcgcagctcagattatcatcaactata
gaacagagaacatgaaaataaagaaaccaaaggaaaatagtttatgatatatcttcatcagcttttgatt
aatgctgtaattgtttgagcatcactgccattttgttcaacaaagacggttaaatttaagagatttctag
cagactaaagtgaagagaggctagcagagtttgtgttgctgctgaccccctcctccactgtcttgacccc
cgctgctcatttacatctctatacagagaagacacactctcagacgcgtcagtaacacacacatacctca
gcaaagtcacaatatcataaactaaatttcacactcatgaagacactgctaacatttcaatatttgacat
acaagacaacacagatgaaactaaaaagataattatattaaaaatccactttgatggtttaaaaatgttc
atgcgaaccaattccagaagctgaactgtggctgttagtggaaaagtgaatctgtgagtgaatatgtctg
ctttatcagggtcagtactgatttcaagagacttttctagtgttgatcagacgttccacagtgttttgta
tgtgaaatttgtatgtgaaaagccaaatatgtggctttgattttacaacataagagcattgtgcacaaac
cgtggacctaaacctaaaaaacatatcacatctcagtttaggtaacatgtttcattgttgtactgaattt
aattgtatttattatatttaatttaattaatatgaagttaaaagctactagtggtcatgactgaatgaat
cattgacccatgatgtcaatattgtgcattatattggttagatttaattccaaaggtacatgtcactaac
aggtaaggactggttaacaagtgtaagttgtcaatcagggaaataaaacaacataaaattgaacatcctt
aggtcatataaataatgtgtcatataaataatttaaattggacagtgtatatatttaggtgttttgaaac
atcctagagatgtggactaataagttgacttaattccttcatgttttcccaacacaactctgttgtgtgg
aacccagcattttacagtgatggataaattataaataaatcagatttcattcctattccttgaataaatg
ttaaaaaatgcaaatattctgacactacacacaactgggtaatttagttcctcacttcacaacaaaacct
ttgaaacccttgaaaaaaaacagtattcagcagtaaaacaaatattgagttttgagctccaaaattttta
tgttgtgtttgtgatgctgagaaatgacgaataaatgaaacatcgttcttaaccagcctagcttagatag
tatggagcaacacatgttcagatgacttcatatttactaatatttcacttgttgaatatctctgaaacaa
cagtgttgataattatttaaaaaacagcaattgccttaaaacatacactgtaaaaatacttaaaagaata
aaaaacataccagcttaccagtaattagaaacaaaatcatgtatttttctttaaaaaaaatactacatac
agtcaatcgtgataaattttaaataactccttcaaataaatgcaaagaaatattaaacactaaaatgaca
ctaaactaagttattcttttgactagaaagaaaaattttaaccaatcagtttacagtgtactaatggcct
gtttatctgggctttactggcgataatggtcagaaatgttggaccattattgcctttttagcatatcagt
agaggacacaaaccagccagacagtaatgtgtgtattgtggaatgggctaaatctaaaaaatagagtcag
catgcttgtgtttgctttataatttagcaaggtaaaaaaaagctttgtctcctattttgaatcatcaggc
agaaatgtttgtaaaatagtatgtattatgtaacactcatagtaaatataacacacatacacacacaaac
actgcagagtactatatactttgtcaaataaaatacaaacctttaaatatatatttgcttatttaattga
agtatgacttgaacgatttttatttttgtgcaatgattcgtatgtagatagatttgacagctactgttat
tggccacgtgaaaaaccttcagatgtaatttacttttgtttagacgctgactaaaaacaagttttgaagt
gttttgatgtttatgtgttatctacattttcagggttaaactacatatttgtacgaagagtttgagtcaa
tattgtgaaaattgcacatttaacttaaacagttaatttacgaattgtgaaaatgtttatattatacaga
gtaatgtgttatgcatttatgaccaaataaatataaacagtttaaatacaagtaaaataataagtaatag
ccctaaggtaactttttgtttgaatttgtgtatttttcatatattttttgcttgtattcttgccatgata
aacttatatgtttatatagcaacccatgttctgttgtcattaatatgttaataaactttaggtagaactg
tcagagatataaacacaaaagcaagtgatgcaacaaagtttgaaaataaaaaaatcttaaatgattataa
aaattgtttaaaataacaataattaaaaaaaaatcttgaacgacatttatgataaatatatatgattatt
aatgacttctctatttatctgtctgattttccgggggttttcttttgacaaccacctgacattgtaaaga
atatgtcaacagcggacgcgtcataaaaggctcgtctgtatgttgcgcacgctgtcagcagaggttcacg
atgctgcgccaggagaaagtataaatcagcctttagtattgagcggcacatgtttggatgactttatatt
tactaatagttccctttttcaatatctctgtaagaacagtgttgataattattgaaaaagaaaacagtta
ttgccttaaaacataaaaagtaactgtaaaaactgtaaaaagactgaatatatattaattataaaaataa
aaaaaacacagtaattgccttaaaacgtacactgtaaaaatacttgagagatttttttataaacattccg
aaattgggcaaattataaaaaatatattttttgtatgttttatttgtatgctttatatctattacatgta
ttactttcaatgtcaagcctaaaatatttgcaggtagaacttatttagcattaaatgtttctatcagaat
atttaataataagaaaaggtttaaatcttcatctttaaacaaaaaatatattagtgtggccaaagtttgt
cctaaagtttaacattaaataaagttagattatgattaaaattcagtgttccagctaaggtcccctgttg
gataggtaaacgccactcagagcttcaggtccccacttggtgtgtgttttagtaaaaatacagtaacatt
cactgagaaatagatcaaatgtgtgtgtgctcatttaaattgggcagtgtatatatttaggtgttctgaa
atatcttagagaaaaagtttcaaaaaagtttcaaaaggtcccctgttggataggtaaacgccgctcagag
cttcaggtccccacttggtgtgtgttttagtaaaaatacagtaacattcactgagaaatagatcaaatgt
gtgtgtgctcatttaagttgggcagtgtatatatttaggtgttctgaaatatcttagagatttggccaaa
gttctggattgagtttttgtcagtttgttctgtttcttcatgtatttccagacagactggagcatgacca
aactgacattaatctaaagcagatgtttttgatgatgttcattggcagctttattatgaaagcagtttcc
acagtccacactgcaacacgaaaatgccgttgtcatatttttcataaataaatggtaaatatccattttt
catttcctaaaaatgccatctcagtgtggaaagaaggccgaaacaaatatgtgttttaaacaaaaaatat
attagtgtggccaaagtttgtcctaaagtttaacattaaataaagttagattatgattaaaaattcagtg
ttccagctaaggtcccctgttggataggtaaacgccgctcagtgcttcaggtccccacttggtgtgtgtt
ttagtaaaaatgcagtaacattcactgagaaatagatcaaatgtgtgtgtgctcatttaaattggacagt
gtatatatttaggtgttttgaaacatcctagagatgtggactaataagttgacttaattccttcatgttt
tcccaacacaactctgttgtgtggaacccagcattttacagtgatggataaattataaataaatcagatt
tcattcctattccttgaataaatgttaaaaaatgcaaatattctgacactacacacaactgggtaattta
gttcctcacttcacaacaaaacctttgaaacccttgaaaaaaaacagtattcagcagtaaaacaaatatt
gagttttgagctccaaaatctttatgttgtgtttgtgatgctgagaaatgacgaataaatgaaacatcat
tcttaaccagcctagcttagatagtatggagcaacacatgttcagatgacttcatatttactaatatttc
acttgttgaatatctctgaaacaacagtgttgataattatttaaaaaacagcaattgccttaaaacatac
actgtaaaaatacttaaaagaataaaaaacataccagcttaccagtaattagaaacaaaatcatgtattt
ttctttaaaaaaagaaaagaaaaagaaaatactacatacatcagtcaatcgtgataaattgtaaataact
cagactttattcttatacttcaaataaatataaaaaatttaattattttgacattaaccactaaaatgaa
actgaacacagttgggtaatttagtttctcacttcaaaacaaaacctctgaaacctgatcaaaaaaaaaa
ctattatttatttagcatttaatgtttctttcagaatatttaataataagtaaaggtttaattcttcaaa
agttatcatttaaataaagttaattaaagttaaaagtttcaaaaggtcccctgttggataggtaaacgcc
gctcagtgcttcaggtccccacttggtgtgtgttttagtaaaaatacagtaacattcactgagaaataga
tcaaatgtgtgtgtgctcatttaagttgggcagtgtatatatttaggtgttctgaaatatcttagagaaa
aagtttcaaaaaagtttcaaaaggtcccctgttggataggtaaacgccgctcagagcttcaggtccccac
ttggtgtgtgttttagtaaaaatacagtaacattcactgagaaatagatcaaatgtgtgtgtgctcattt
aagttgggcagtgtatatatttaggtgttctgaaatatcttagagatttggccaaagttctggattgagt
ttttgtcagtttgttctgtttcttcatgtatttccagacagactggagcatgaccaaactgacattaatc
taaagcagatgtttttgatgatgttcattggcagctttattatgaaagcagtttccacagtccacactgc
aacacgaaaatgccgttgtcatatttttcataaataaatggtaaatatccatttttcatttcctaaaaat
gccatctcagtgtggaaagaaggccgaaacaaatatgtgttttaaacaaaaaatatattagtgtggccaa
agtttgtcctaaagtttaacattaaataaagttagattatgattaaaaattcagtgttccagctaaggtc
ccctgttggataggtaaacgccgctcagtgcttcaggtccccacttggtgtgtgttttagtaaaaatgca
gtaacattcactgagaaatagatcaaatgtgtgtgtgctcatttaaattgggcagtgtatatatttaggt
gttttgaaacatcctagagatgtggactaataagttgacttaattccttcatgttttcccaacacaactc
tgttgtgtggaacccagcattttacagtgatggataaattataaataaatcagatttcattcctattcct
tgaataaatgttaaaaaatgcaaatattctgacactacacacaactgggtaatttagttcctcacttcac
aacaaaacctttgaaacccttgaaaaaaaacagtattcagcagtaaaacaaatattgagttttgagctcc
aaaatctttatgttgtgtttgtgatgctgagaaatgacgaataaatgaaacatcgttcttaaccagccta
gcttagatagtatggagcaacacatgttcagatgacttcatatttactaatatttcacttgttgaatatc
tctgaaacaacagtgttgataattattttattatacaccagttattgacatcaaaaatacattgtaaaat
tacttttaattgtatataattatacaaatttatataaaaaaacgtattaaaactaacagtaaacagttaa
aataatcaagtaattttattttgaaagttaagcaagtcatttatatattcatccatacctacatacacta
cacaacacagtcaaaaaagactgatcaattctaaatatactaaactaaatttttcattattgtacaccaa
aataataaatatgactaaatacaattaatgtaaccactaaaattacaataaacaatataattcctcactc
cacaacaaaacctttaaaaccaattgaaaaaaaactttcaatagaaataaaatgattgattcttgagcat
cagaatctttgcagttcttggcaaattggaaataaaacaggcattgctcatatccaacaggggaccaggg
ctcatactaactaattcaattttctttgtctactctaagctcacatttcttcacacaaagtccaatttct
gtaaaccacatattttatttaatagaccaataaaagctgctgctttattaagctttttaaatgtatatag
taattgtcctacagtatttagcactagagtgaaataataatggaaataactgatattattttgcttcact
ttaatcttagatgtcctaaatgagtaaagttatatttgaagaatttagaggagtttagaagtttaaaaga
ctctagactaaaagactttagaagtgttaaatctcccccagagtctctcagggccatcagccattcacag
acaatagagaagtgtgtgtgaatgacgtgtgtgaaacagcccgcagtacctccccccagcctacagagac
gctgctgagaaggactttacacacacacacacacttaggtcccctcatggtcaaaattaaaaaaacatta
ccaaaggtcttttcacttgattttagcatgttttaaggcatgaccaagaggggacctgaaaaaaggtccc
ctcttggctccaggtcccctcttggtgggtgtgtaaccacgacatggtcccctcttagataggtgcgcaa
gtg
>CryptonV-3_HSal	CryptonV	Harpegnathos saltator
ggttacaaatatttttattttactgtaataacatattatttttatcagaaattatacataattttagtaa
taaatacattttaaattttatgaaaaattaatttatatgttattttgtgttatattttattgcacattgt
atataaatttaggaatttacaattattactggaatgacaatgtgtttgagatatatgaagatgataatat
atatgaacgcacttctactgaaagaatagctacagttaatacaattactgaacattctgatgatagtcat
atgtccactggaggtatattattattttaaaactaaaattacttcttataaatatatataaatgttattg
attttttcagaatgcatcactagtaataacagtgtgcaagacaatttagaaaaggatacttcttatatac
tatcgaacacttcatctgatagaagtttagctgaacctacaataaataaagaatcaaattctattgttga
aaaaactaataattccacaaatacatctggcggattggatgtatccatgtttataaatgtatcaggaaaa
ggtgcccgagatgacaccgaaatgtttgttttgcctctggatgcgggaaaaagaaaacatttttatgtac
tgcaatacattccaatgtaaaatagttcgtcatttggaacgaatacacggtaatgaattagaggtacaaa
aatttaaaacttgaccgaaaggaagtgtggagcgaaggaaaattatccaaacaatccgaagacgtggaaa
tttttattttaatgttgattgtgcacgaaataacggcgaattgctcgtagaaaggcgttctaaaaaaata
tataaaatattaccatctgattatgttgtatgtccaaaatgcaaagtatttatattaaagtgtacaagca
gacataactataacagatgtattatatccaaaactaaatatactagaacgatatcgattttaggcaggaa
ggtactggatcgaatcatgaagcaagcagtgctttaagattacgtgtttttcctattttaagagaagata
acattatacgacttgtacgttatgacgaactaattattgcctatggaaatcaacagtgtgaaaaatataa
aacttcagatcataatgataatatgataagacaaaaaataagaaaaatcggtcgtctattcaacttatta
aaagataaacatcctgaagttgaagattttgcttccatttattttccaaaatatagtagtgcttgtatcg
acgctataaacatattatcaagattgtctttatgcggaaaattttataaaatctcgtcgttagcatctgc
actcggaatgttgttaaaagaaataggaaaattattaatcaaccgatatatcaggagggaagataacaat
aagaaattactaacagaagattttctaaaagtatttacttaagattttaatacgcatatttctaaaacaa
tatctgagacaatgagccgaaataaaagacacaaaaaaattgttttgccttcaaaatctgatattattaa
gctttacaactttttacaagagaaacgtcaaatagcgtataattctttaaaaaaagagttttcttataac
acatggcttacgcttataaaggtaacattaactagtgtacaagttttcaatcgccgtagagctggagaaa
tacagagaactttaattgaacatatagagaactttaattgaagattataaaagttatgaaggaatcaatt
atcagacgaatgacatgtataaagcactttcaatacatgctcagcagatagctcagaaatatatactatt
taccttaagaggtaaacttggtagatcagtaccagtcctattaactgaagaattaagaaattgcattgat
atgatcctaaggtatagaaaagctgcgagagtttcttcaaaaaacccatatttatttggtcttccatcta
ttgcaaaaaataaatacaaatatcttttggcttgtgatttattgcgacaatatgcgttagaatgtggtgc
agaaaaaccagagaccttacgtgcaactgagttacataaacatatagcgacaatatgtatcaattataac
ttatcagaaaatgagatctcagcatttgcgaactttatgggttacagtgacaaaatacatttaagtcact
acagacaacttgttattgagaaagaaatattggaagtatcacaatatttggaagcagcacaagggaacag
cgaagacaatgatagtgactattcggattctacgatctttgataatgaaaacacaaaccaaaagacatac
agcgatgagtttaatataactacatctagacaactagttcaaggtatgtatttattatatttgtaacaaa
caattttaaaaaggtatttaattatcttagtaagcaaaaagtaactggtattattgtaagagtagcacgt
aatataacatttgtcacattttatttatgttgagtgactataatgaaatttttatagactataatgattt
tagcacaatttaattatatgttaaaccagttacttgctttctcatttgcatattaagacaaaaaacgaag
aggccatcatggatcttttcctgaattattttcttgattagctttttacttttacaaattcacacaagga
gaaaagatccatgactgagcttctggattataatttaaatatgacagcaataacattatttataatttct
agtctagttattaaattaatttagaaattataaatgatgaacacatgaaccaaagatatatagggtattt
gcctaatatttactcctttcgtatatgtgtaagtcaaactaaataaaaaattctttatcattttgcatag
gctttttagttattaattaaagttgatcgcaaatgattgcacgcaataatacactgttctttaattaata
acaaaatctatgtggttatttacaaaataattg
>CryptonV-3_OL	CryptonV	Oryzias latipes
tatcwagcatcttttaagtcttacactaaacattaagttttataattttttaaaaaatgtcctgcagtca
ccaaggatcgtgttcgcatgaatgcagtgaaggccacactgccagttccctggcagacaaagccagtgaa
tcgacattacatcttcatctgaggtaaaactttacttttttcttaatgtaaatttacaggtgtgtctaaa
tctagctttttgctatatcccaaagttgattttattcttgtatactattcttttcaatcggctagtctag
tcttgttcaatttatataaaaaatatgtatgaataagaaatttaaagctttcactgacaatgtaaccaat
tttgtaatgctataaacttgtctaacattttcacctgtgcgtacctgcagcttgtgatgcaccctgacga
tgagatttttgtcccacgattaagaagagctaaaagtgtcattgtgagttttaaactcttgctactttct
gttggcttaaaaaatatgaaaggttgaatttcacatttctagacatttatttctatttcaggttaactat
gttttttttaatatgttcccctwacatatagcagaaagwtgaatgccatcatttgtttctattttgcttt
agcgcagctgttgcagaacgcactgttactcttgaactttctgtttgtttaagctccaagacctgaatct
ggaggaccctgatcagctttacgactccacttcaagttcagatctttacattccagatacaagctcagam
agtgatgctgacagtgattgcggcttcagamcaccgggwcgggaaaaacgtcctaggctggatgacttac
ccaatgtcagtaatccttaaatgaaagatctgcgactctacaacatccataagtaattacccatcagtga
tatacctgatgacttgggagcaggagaaaaccctcttcaagtatgaatgataatgacattgttgttactg
cttgccaaaaaagaggaggaaaaagggtttatgacaaaaagcattatgcttatattgtataagccttacg
ctaagatggccaggcatctcgagcgtgctcatattaataaangtgacgtagctaaagctctcagctttcc
aaaaggctctagaganaggaaaaagcatttggattwcattcgcaacaaaggaaactttgcacacaatgct
gctgttatggaggctggaagcggnaaactggtggcatctaaacgaccatctgcagaaattcaaggtaaag
actttmtgcactgcgcatactgtcaaggactttacaaacgaaatgtgttgtggagacacgtgggcacttg
ttcacttaaaccgggaactgtcaccaaaaagcctggcaaaaatcgtgttcaggccttgtgtgcattcact
ggaccagtcccttcgcacattagcaaacatctttggaaggtaatcagtgcaatgaatcctgacnmaatca
caaacataataaaaagtgacactgtcmtcatagatttaggmcaacatctgttagataaaggcggaacttc
tgcaaagagtcagcaatatgttcgagagaagatgcgagaaatgggaagacttgtacatcaagccagaaaa
gtcacagctttaaaaaaaatggaagatctcatcaaccccaagaagtaccctgagacagtgaaagctgtca
aggctacatgatgatgaagaaaacaagttctctgtcccatcactagcaaacaagcttggaaatacactag
ttaaagtcagcaagctcttgaaagctcagggtttaattacgatgacaaagagcttgttaagaaggctagt
gagttccwggaagtccatcgagagaagtggawtgagatgatatcagcaacggcattaagaaacatcaggg
aagcaaagtggaatgttcccagtctcatgccatttactgaagatgtgcaaaagttgcacacacatcttaa
tcaagtccaagaagagtggttcagcttactctctgcaaaaccttccacaaaggcttggtcagaactgtca
aagacttgcttgacacagataattctctttaatcggcgcagagaaggagaggtgtcaagcatgcctttat
cagcatttgagaagagagacctttctgactcacatgaagatgtggactaggcactttctgaagtggaaaa
aagctctgcagacattttacaagaattatcatcagaggaaaacgaggccgtcctgttccggtcctcctta
ccccaaagatgttgtgtgcactggaacttttagttaagcaaagagatgcttctggggttctgaaagagaa
cacttatttgtttgctagaccagatgccttgacacatttcggaggttctgattgccttcggaatttttct
aagatatgtggtgcaaaatgcccagagtcactgacatctaccagactgcagaagcatgctgcaacccttt
caactgtgctaaacatgacggatacagagatggaccagttggctaactttctgggacatgatataagaat
tcaccgggagttctacagactacctgaaaagaccctgcaactagccaaagtcagcaaagtgttgatggct
ctggagcaaggaagactggctgagtttcatggaaaaaacttggacgaattggaattgacccagatggttg
gttttaaattttactaaaacgcttaaccactagttttggaccttactaaccttcttttgtaaactctaca
gatgaagttcccatcactgaagaggacgcataaatgaggaaaatgacttgtttgctgttgatggtatgca
ttctcctgtaatcatttgctgctgttaaagtagcttatatgaagtccaaatgctaggattgtaaaactaa
ttagcagtgagagacaaggaattaatgcacacttgcaaaatattaaaaaatagacaatggaacattagaa
aacaaaaaatgtttttctaaaagtttattttccccacagaacccactacagaaggctcacttgcatcaaa
tgaccgaaatgagctaccatctaatcaccagagagatcgagaggaccctccatggatgagactccttcaa
gtttcactgctccaaatctaatctgaaaggtgaatatatatagaaatatcctattgaatttttgcaaagm
tttamttaattttgattttttgtgtaattaaaaatttgtggtcaatgtgcttttttgcwaacgtctagca
catttgtataatacctggtgtatacagaggcaaagtgcaaattakttacattttaatggctgcagcatta
agagaagtagagtttgatactgaactttgmcttggtttataatgctgctgtccataccaggattaggtgt
gttcagtcgaggg
>CryptonV-4_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
atatctatacatatacatatatcatgctttttagatgttgagaatgaagaaagtggatcagagtatttac
cgtcagaagatgatcaaaattcagataataatgacaatgatgaaacgcaacaaatacaaaaatcaatagc
aagcatgtcttcaatatccagtttagatgccacaaaaatgaataatggcacatcaatatgtgatgacgaa
aagatgcatgtagaaacttcaaatgcaaaaaatattaagcaaaattattgcatattctgctcaaagttac
agacacaactagtgcgacatttagaaaaagtacatcgcaatgagtcagatgtaaaaaaatttgctgcttt
acctaaaagaaatcctgaacgaagaaaaattattgatacgctacgaaaaaatggcaatttcaaatttaat
acaaactccgaattaaataatggacaactcatagtatgtcggcgtcctaacgaaaaatataaaaaggccg
ctaacaattttattgcttgcgccaaatgcaagggctttttttcaaaaaatacaattcgccatcattctcg
aagttgttttgaaacaaaatttacaaaaaataaatgtattatggtgatgggtagaaagatcacatgtaga
ttacattcatccgcaagtgaacttttaagaaaaacagtttttccagtcttgcgggaagatgaagtgattc
gtgctataagatatgatgaattgttgattttatatggaaataaattgtgtatgaagtataagtcacaaca
tcaccacgatatgattcgtgctcgattacgtcttcttggtcgtctcctcttggcgatgaaagatataaat
gaaaatatcgaaagctttgaatccatttataatcccaaggtatatgatgactgcatatgtgcaattaata
aagttgcaaaatataattctgaaacaaaaatgtatgaaacgcctgcagtagcagcaaatttgtcaacgtt
attgaaacatattggaaatatccttattatagagtgtataaaaaaggaaaatatcgagaaaaaaagacaa
gtcaaggattttttaaaattacttgtcgtagacgtcggaacaagcatcaatacaactgttgtagaaacac
aaacggctcacaaaaggcgtaaaaaaattaatcttccaacattagaagatattcgaaaattatacagtca
tttagaagaaaaacgatctgatgcttacaagagactataccaatcgttctcttattgccactggatttct
ttgactgagacaacactaacttctatacatgtgttcaatagacgtcgagcaggagaaattgaaagaattt
tgatagaggacttcaacagctatgaaaaattaaataaaaatatgcatagtgacatgtatcaatcgttatc
tacagaaaataagaaaattgctcaaaaatatgtaagattttgcataagaggcaaattaggacgtacagtc
cctgttctgttatcaaacgatttatttcaaagcattactttaattttgaagtttcggaaacaagctggag
tatcagaaaaaaatccttatgtttttggattacctggaaataataaagaaaggtataagtatctcagagc
atgcacgttactacgaaaatttgcagaagagtgtaatgccaatcaatcttccactttgcgtggtacaata
ctaagaaagcacgtggctacatattgtatccaattaaatctaaacgatatcgatatttcggatctggcta
tgtttatgggtcattccgataaaattcacaaggatcattataggcaaccattggctagtagagacatatt
aaaaatatcacaatacttggaagcagtacaaggtaatacgaataattcggaagcggattcaacagatagc
aattccgaaaatgataaggtattaaaagagaatagctgtattaataatgatacagcagaaaaagaagata
tatctataggtaattttttctatatttcctttttgcattct
>CryptonV-4_HSal	CryptonV	Harpegnathos saltator
tatatatgtttctttacaaaactcacatcgtgatttcttctatgtctttagtaaaaaatacaatgtttcc
aatggaaatgtattaagatactatattatactttacatatatgcttcctgcattatggaacaagttacta
tattttccctgtaaaacataaatagtatatataattaaaaatataaattatatcacaaaatattccttgg
ttataaaaaatctttattaatgtttactataaatttcgctccatgtaggataaattgtaaacaaaataat
atattttcaaagcattactgtgagtgtcaaaatattagttatacctattattttacaacttagtgttctc
attgttgtaacaaaaacattttgttcaatgatgaaaatatttctataatttaatttgatttatttcatga
cagatactaatagtgataaagaaaacaatgaggattctgaatatttaccttcagaagatgagaagagttc
atctaataatgatcctcctctgcagaaacacaattcgaatataaatattactacatcctcaatttcaagt
gttgatgtgtcgcaaattattcctgcatgtaatgacgaaaatatggatgttgataagtcgaacgttaagt
ataaacgaaactactgtacttttttgtatgaaattgcaatcataattagtgcgtcatttagaaaccgtac
ataaagatgagccagaagtaaaaaaattgtctgttttgcctaaaaaaagtccggaacgaaaaaaaataat
agatataagaaaaaatggtaactttaaatataatataaacgcagaagtaaacgaaggacatcttattata
tgcagacgtcctaaagaaaactcgagaaagacagctaaagattttattgtttgcataaaatgtaaaggat
ttttttcgaaaaactcgacacgtcatcatgttcgagaatgtcttaagaaagattttaaaaagcataaagg
aatcatgtgttgtaaccgcgtccttattattccaccttacgctgcagttagttagtaagcacgccttaca
caattcggttagagtgctgacatcataaagtacgtgtaatacatgaacttgcaactctgctgactgagat
cacgaaagtaggttattgtgtcagtcataccaaaggcatcaagatatataagactggagccgaaaaataa
gagcagatagaagattgaaccgagaactgagcgtctcgttaattacgtataaatccggttccttcattcc
acgctagtacgtaagctcaagtatatggatgaaaaaatcaccaccttcttttgtacgaccgactacttct
atctcgcctggaccagcgaaacccgggatcccaatccctaagaccacgaacgaacccgaaacctaaccgg
ccttggtgcatcaggcgcgaaggccatgacacatggttatgggaagaaaagttatatgtaggatatatca
atcagcaaacgacatattaaaaaatatggttttccctgtattgcgagagacgaagtaacgagagccataa
gatatgatgaaataattatcttatatgcaaataagctatgtattaaatacaaggctcaacatcaacacga
aatgatacgtgcaagattgcgacttcttggccgtttcttattggcgctaaggaaaatcaataataacatc
agtgactttaaatctttttatcatcccaaaatctacgaagattgtgtttccgcaataaataatgtcgcag
gatataatgctgatgagaaaatatatagagctccagcagtagttgctaatttatcaactcttataaaaca
tgtaggaaaccttctaatcacaaagtacataaaacaagagaacacagaaaaaagaagttagttaaagatt
ttttaaaattattaactgttgatataacaacgagtgtaaacacaactgttgtagaaacgcaatcagctca
taggagacgcaaaaagacagatctcccaacattgagtgacattaagactttatacaaatatacatttgaa
ttatacatttgaagcaaaagagaatcgaagcttatactccactaaaacattctttttcgtataacaattg
gcttacattatcagaaacaacattaattgcagcacatgtattcaatagacgacgagcaggcgaaattgaa
cgaacgctcattgaagatttccaaaattatgaaaaattgaataagaatatgtacagtgatatctacaagt
cattgtcaatacaaaataaaaaaatagcagaaaaatatattcgattttgcattcgaggaaagttggggcg
tacagtaccagttttattatcacataatcttttcgaaagtattattttgatattaaagtttcgaaaagaa
gcgggagtaccaaaaaaacccgtacttgtttggattacctagtaatgagaaacgcagatacaagtatctt
agaacttatgctttaatacgaaaatttgcaacagaatgtaatgcagttaattccaatactttgcgtggaa
cgatattacgaaaacatgtgtctacttattgtattcaattgaatctgaatgaaattgatgtgtctgatct
tgccacatttatgggacatgcagataagattcataaggaacattataggcaaccattgcctaccagagac
atattaaaaatttctcaatatttagaagcagtccaaggaactaaaaatgatggcgatatattttcatcga
gcgaatatgaaaaagacgaatcagaaacgaagtatattgataaagatgatacggtagaggcgagcgattt
atctttaagtgcataatcagaaattacaatttattttgaaaaagtaatattccagcagaaagatagaaaa
gaaaaagtatagatattcatattgtgctttttctttctttatttttctgtgattgtgattattttccttt
attttgcgtttctaaatatatagtaatatacaatcgatgttggaaagattatctgggttatcttttatga
caagtttatgaattctccgtcttgttaaatggaaaagtttgttttctcattgtagaatactgccattgaa
caagatgaaagagttgaaaacaaactcatcttaaaaattacagacgacctttaagtccgcgattgtaaat
gataaaatgcagaacatttaaatatttaatcaaatctctcagcgaaaatatatagcgaaagtagtttata
atttcaacaaaagatcgagtgagattgtaaaagtctgcattatattttgcattttatgtttggaaatata
gaataacgaaaaattatcttataaatatattaggtgcgcaactaagttctcgctgtttttttgatgaaaa
tgcaactttattgtaaaaaaatggttacaaatgaatcattc
>CryptonV-4_OL	CryptonV	Oryzias latipes
aaatcttctcttttctctcactgtttccaggaaaaggaggacaagcgcgtgaagtccgatgatgactgtg
acgatgactacatacccagcgcagataacagcttctcagatagctggtctgaggatgaagatgcggcccc
ccctgctccagacagcccacgcagagcctgcggccccgcggtcgaacagtcgactctcaaacaggaagaa
agcgctaaatctgaggagtcttcgtctgaggagagcagctgcccccctcctctgaagaagcagaaaaccc
ctcagaaggggagcttggagaccatggtgcttccagcggcgagcaccaaagcgcggcgagtttacgacaa
gaggaactactgcctgttctgctccaaacccgtgctcaaagtggcgcggcatctcatgaacgtccacagc
gacaaggccgaagtgggggcggccttccagtaccccccccattccaaagagaggagcaggatttggaaaa
aactgaccaacgaggggaacttccttcacaacaagaaggttctgagctcgcgccagggccagctggccgt
gaagaagaggcccagccggcccacgaaggccgtggagtacgcccactgcatgcactgtcacggcctgttc
agaaccaaggcgctctccaggcacatgaggaactgtccggacaaagtcaagacggaggaggagccgcagg
cgcgggggaagcgcatcaggtcgcagtgcgcgctgctggcggtgaacttccaagagctcggcgtcggcga
gagcgtgaaggccatcatcagcgagatggtgtacgatgaagtgacgcgcgccgtcatagaggaccgcacc
atcttgcagttcgcagagcagatgctgagcgagtacagcgccgacgagaacaagttcaactgcgccagac
agaacctccggcagatcgccaggctcctcctggaggccaagaagaccacgccgctggagagcctggagga
cttcttccaccccgccaacttctaccacgtgctctccgccgtgaaggtcgtgtcgggctacgaccccgag
aagaaaaggttcagctgtccctcgctggccatcaagctgggctacaacctgcagaagatctgcggcatcg
ttgaggcgaatgcggcgaaggcagaagacgccgagagggcggagtctgccaagaggttcctgtccgttta
caggaagaaatggaggaagctcatctcattgggggctttgaggaacctccgagaactaaaacggaaaaag
gaggccgacgttcctttagccgaggacgtcaagctgctgcagtttcacgtggagaaggtccaccagctcg
ccgagaagaagctccgagagagccggtgtgtggagaactacgccgccctgaccagggtgctgctcgctcg
gaccatcctgttcaaccgcaggaaaaccgaggaggtctcgaagatccccgtgacaaagttcctgtcgcgg
aggaggtccgatgagctggacgacatggatgcgtccgtgtccgacttggagcggacgctctgccggttct
tcaccaggatcgacgtcagaggcagcagcggcaggatggttccggttctgctccaaccctctctggaatc
atctctggagcttctcatggcggctcgccaagaatgcggagtccccaaaaacaacgccttcctgttcgcg
cggccgtccgtgcggtcgccctataagggctccgagtgcgtccagaggttcgttcgggagtgccgggcgc
agcggcccgcggcgctcacggcgctgcagatccggaagcactttgcagcgatgctccagctgatcaacct
gaacgaggaggaggcgcggctcgtcctggggccggacaatcccgtccggacgctgcgggaggacggcggc
gccgtgtgcgacgacgccttcatggagaccggaggtacgtgtgaaaatggatcaatcagaagtttctctg
tcaacttcctggttaactccagcaggaaaccaaacataaagtctctgttttggatcatt
>CryptonV-5_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
tacataatatattatattactagagtactaatttacaggaaaattatgatagtaaagttagtatcaatat
tactctatttcattcattttttgtataattttaatatagattctgttttgctaggcttggaatatttaga
ttctacgaaatataaagaaaattcggattcagaatatgtatattgtccttctgaacatagttccatcttg
gaagaatcagatgctagcaaagataaatttcctgaaatcaatgaaaagaaactatcaagtggatcaatga
aagtttcaaataatatttcgggctttgaagtatcacagattaatgagagcaacatattatgtcctgatga
cactaatcttaatatcgatccatctgaaggacctaaaggtggtaataaaaaaaactgctgtttctattgc
cacaaaatgcaatcgaaaattgctcgacatttggctacagttcaccgcaatgaatctgaggttaagaagt
ttcttgatcttcatccgaataatttggaaagaaaaaaaataattgagacaataagaagaaatggcaattt
tgtttataatactaataataatgtaaatgacggaaaacttattgtggtcaggcgccctcaaaaaaataag
caaaaagacgcaaaagattatacagcttgtgcaaaatgcaagggcttttttgtgaaaagtagcattagac
gccattttcaacaatgcgcaggctatagtagtaaacaaactaggtctgtgttagttataggcagagcgat
tattggacgtattaatcctattgcagaagaaacactgcgaaaagtagtttttcctgcacttagagaagat
gaaataacatgtatgattcgatatgatgaattgattattatgtttggtaatagattatgtcgtaaatatc
gcaaacaatatcagtataagttaatacgctcacatcttagatatctcggtcgtttcttaaaagtgatgag
aaacctaaatgttcaagttacagatatgcaatcaatttatcatcctacattttacgaagattgcattaga
gtagttaacagaatgtctgcatttgatgataacacaagtacttataaagtgacaacgacaccgcaactga
tgggaactttacttaaaaaagtaggaaatcttttgattactcaaagtataaagaagaaagattatgaaac
aaagaaagacactgaggaattccttgctcttctcatagatgatttcccaacgagtgttaataaagccgct
ttagaagcccaagaagaaaatagaagatgtaaaaagacggaacttcctttaatggatgatattataaacc
ttcgtaattatcttgatggaaaacgtaaagccttgtgtgtaatgttaaaagaaacattttgttataatag
ttggttagaattagcaaaagtaactcttacgtctgtacaattatttaatcgtcgtagagcgggcgaaata
gaacaccttctcatcaaagattttgagaattatgtacaaatttcagagaacacagacgaagacttattcc
gatctctatcaggtgcagcacaagaaattgcaaaaaaatatgtaagatttactatacgcggaaaattaat
gcgtactgttcctgtattattatcagctgaattattaaaatgtattgaattgattttaaaatatcgaagc
aaagctcatgtacctgctgcaaatccgtatttatttggaattccgggatacaataaaagttgtttcaaat
atttaaatgcttgcgaattgatgcgacaattttccacagcatgtggtgcaaaacgaccatggactctacg
tggaacgggtctcaggaaacatgttgctacgataagtgtagcattagatttatcagaaaatgatgtctct
gatctagcaaaacatatgggtcatgccatagcaatacataaagaaatctataggcaacccgttgtaagta
gaaatattttacgaataagtcgcaagtattagaaaaagcacaaggtatcaatggcgacaaaagtgatgaa
acagatagtaactatgaaaatggagacatttcagtagagaatgatataagtttatcttataaaactgaag
tggaatcatatagtaccctcaatgatagtaacaaatcaatacaagagtagcaagttaataaaaaatatta
atagaagtgcgaagaaacggaatagtacgtaaatattccatatatacatmcatwtwttatagaatataat
caaaattaaatactc
>CryptonV-5_OL	CryptonV	Oryzias latipes
ttccaaatgaatttaaatgcctgtaaatatttttttactgggttaagtttggaagtgatgaaagactgtt
ttcatagaaataattggcacctcatttctataatgcagatgagtttatttgaattattttccttaaatat
cacatttcagagcatcgccacccccatctcctaccgtgagatgtcctgctccgacagtgacagcagagct
tcttctgattttgagttcagctcggagtttaaagagatgatgagaaagaaggggggccgcccctcggatg
gggacggtaaaagcactgaggatgaatcagaggagcacaaccaaacttttaccactaaaaattactgcta
tgtatgcggcaaaggcaaagccaaactgtcccgtcactttcaaaaacacgctgcggaggagccggaaatc
gcagaggctctggctttgcccaaaggctcctcggagcgaaagggactgctgaacgtattacggagcagag
ggaaccacgaacacaatcagaaagtgttgacaaccaaacgcggatccctgaaactgttacatcgcccgaa
aacaaagactgtgaaaacaaagaaatatgtgcactgcccatactgtaaaggcatgatcgtaaatgtagac
acccactcgcacgtcgtcatgtgtgtcaagagaaaatcaacggtggctgcggttcgtagagcaggaagac
ctggggatgttcctcctgacagttgggaaatggagcaaaaagttccacatgatgtcacacggatactgtc
gtccatgaagcaggatgagattacactcgtccttcagaatgatgacgcgctcatccagcttgctctgagt
ctgatagaggagcatggaagtgatcccggcaaagaggattatatccggaggaggctgagggacatgggga
gactcctgtttaggctgcatgagaaaagcattttaaaactagaagatgcatttcaacccaaacactttgg
aaaagttttgaaggtcgtaaaagccctggctgactttaatgtaaaaattcaaacctacaacaagccaggc
cgtgctttgaaaatagccgagtccctcaagaagattggccacatcttcctcaatcggtccaaaagcaagg
aggaaacgaaggaagatgtcagcgcatttttggaactgtgtgagaaagagtggcttgaacgccctcctcc
gaaaagcatctcccagtcgagcaaccaaaaggtcagcagtctgtccacaatcccgttcacacaggacgtg
cagcgtctccacacctacctggagaattcatctgcctccgctgttgaaagcttgacagcccatgaaaacg
ctcaggccttcatctcactatccaagctgacactcacacaggcgatgctcttaaacccgttcagtctgaa
cgtttcaaaactgaccctgaggtctttccaggagagggacgactccccccaggtgttgttcaatcacttc
gtcacggttaacatttcgggcgagaccggccggagcgttcccattctgttgacctctcagctcgtcagtg
cgctaacactgctaatcagcaagagggtgttatatggtgtgcacaaggacaatcccctcctgttcgcaaa
gccagacggttctgctacaggacactatggtgggagaggctgcatccaggatttttcacacctgtatcat
gcaagcaaaccagaacatctcacatcagggcaattccactaccacactgcaaggattttccagatcctca
gtctggaaaatgatgaacttgagtatctctctatgctcctgggccatgaaatccagactgatcggcatta
ttaccgaaatccagaggcagcggttgagctggcaaaaattgctaaactactgttagcgatggaaaaaggc
tcactggagagagtcaaaggaaaatctctagaggacattgagattgaaggtaagcaacccact
>CryptonV-6_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
agctcagtacctagtggtgttacagatattttaaatgctattggtgatgattggatgacattttcaattg
agaataaacatgatgataatgattctcatcttaataacaacaattataataatcatgacaatcaagaaag
tagtaataaatgtaaggacagctctgagttagtgaaagactcaaattattctctaactcaaattaatatc
aataatacaaacattttaaatgttttcgaggatgatgggatgacatcttcaattgaaaatgaatataata
acaatgatcttaataataataatgataataattatgacaatcaagaaagtagtaatatatgtaatcctag
tgacgaattagcaaaagatccaaattattctttaaacagcgacgaattaatagaaaaacgagattactct
ctaaatcaaaatagtaccaatagtactaataataccaatggaacttcacaatctcattcaaatgaagatt
catcaaaaaattcctctctccataatataccacctcttgatattcgtaatgtacaaattccatattcaaa
agactcttctccggaaagaagaacaattaaaaaatatttttgtccatattgcaaaaagttacagacaaaa
tttgctcgacatcttgaattaaaacataaaacagaaactgatgttcagaagtttatacatattaaaaaag
gaacccatgaacgagcaaaaattatagcagctatccgtaatcatggtagtttattacataatacacatca
tgaactaaatacaggtgtacttataacagttagacagcgtcaggctaaatataaaaaaactgcagacgat
tatatttgttgcacgaattgtaaaggtttttattcaaaacttacaatacgtcttcactatagtaaatgta
aaacaatacataagaaaggtgtgcgtgaaattattgttatgggtaaacgattgacaggatatattcatat
cgccgctaatgaaattcttcgtaaaattatattccctgttttaagagatgacgcagttacaagatgtatt
aaatatgatgaattattaataatatttggcaataaactttgtgaaagatatacaaataatcatcaacatg
atatgataagagcgcacttaagattgttgggacgttataagctcgctattcaaagtattaataaagaaat
tgatgattttcaattgatttttcaacctcaacattttaatacagctgtcaacgcacttagaattgttgct
aaatgggatacaactataatgtggtttaaaacacctgcggttgctaatgcactcactactttattaaaaa
aatgtgctgctacactacaagctgagtgtataaaaaaacaagattataaaaaaaaacaggctattgatga
ttttcttattttatggcatgaagaagttccaactttaataaataaaaaagctattgaagatcaaataaaa
tataagagacaaaaacaaattattcttccatcaaaacaagacattaaattactatacaattactatacaa
ttactatacaattacttggaaaaacaatgtaaagcttctctccatattttagaaaagaattttgatttat
cagcgtggaaaaccttaactaaatgtacgttaatattagttcaaatatttaatcgcagaagagcaggcga
aatcgaaagacttacaatagcagattataaaaatcaagagattttagacaaaaatgtaaatccagatctg
tacgaaaaattatctggagaatctcgacagtatgctaaaaaatttgcacgaataactattcgcggcaagt
taggtagaactgtacctgttttacttaatataattataataaaatctatagatacaattcttaaatatcg
aaaaaaagctggaataaagtctaataatgaatacatctttagcgtcccaaatgcaaataaattaaaaaag
aaatatttaagagcctgtcctcttataagaaaattttctcacgaatgtggtgcaaccattccatcttctt
tacgcggaactactcttcgaaaacaaattgctacatatactgcaatgttgaatattgaagatgcccaagt
tgataatctcgctaattttatgggacatgctaaagaaatacacaaaagtatttatcgaatgccgattcct
ataaaagaaatgacagatgtatctcggttattggaagctgcaatgggaactgatttagatgacaatgata
atgaagattgtgacaatgtctctgatactgacagtgtatcgcaaataagcaacaactccgaagagatcgc
gcaaacaaataattatattccagatttcgataatgataattttgatgacaacactatacagcattcttct
gataatcacactacaaataattcacattctaaacatcataatagtgagtcttttgcttttccttatacaa
ttttcatttatattatatatatttaggttttatstgttatatatttcatattaatttttctaatcttatt
ttttatttataacaaattaaatatcgattcatatcttcattttatttagattttcagtttgagaacacaa
aatataatgaasaaaaagaaaamwaagtcctaaacgtcgcagtagtaagttttattatatgcatttatat
aatagawttttatttcatttttgtawtttttwaaaatatatttcttactttaagtttttattatattaat
tttttaatttaatttaatttagcttctccatatggaaaaacaaaacgtattaggtggaagaagaaaagca
aacaatttctgaacattttggcaacatttttgaattacsamaattgccatctcttcaagaatgccaaaat
gtaattaataaatataaaattttaagaaggagacaaccacaacaagtgaaaacatggattgataatcaac
gaagagctgaaaatcgtcataaagcatatcaaatttcaaaaagatcgaaataatcttatatttgcgtcct
gttatttattatatttcgttattaatatcattttttcattatttttatacattttttcttttattttttt
ctaatcttttaaaacttttatctctcatcctcttttccctctcccctctctctctctctctctctctccc
ccccccctctctctctcgctatttctctattatttctattttatgttgcttattcttcttaaaattttct
tttgtatttccttttctgtttattttttcttttacatttttatgaaattttctttccctttatttttatt
ttccacttttacacttttgcatatttatttattttatttatctactcaaaattatatctattccaacatc
cgattaattcattataaaatgtactcaaattatattaattttaaggmawcttc
>CryptonV-6_OL	CryptonV	Oryzias latipes
agtttactttttgtttttaattgtgggcaggttttaaatgaacaaagctcaagtgaggtgggttcatcag
aagaggaatacgtgcctgattccacagctgattcagacagctcatttgtcaataaatcagagattttaag
cataaatcgcaaacgagtacagatctcggaggtttcaaccagtcagtctgcttccaaaaagaaaagattt
caccaagaagattctgtagagggagaaagactgagttcttctgaagctgcagggtcattatctcaagatg
aactcagaaaaagacgatttgaaaaatctgatgcgacttcaaatgaaagaaatgctcgcaatgaatgcat
gactgatagctataatgctcggcctgaagatttacccaagtcatccctcttactcagaaacagaaactac
tgctatatttgtggaaagctacagacaaagtttacacgccatttgaaaaggcatgagaaaaaatatgctg
atgttgcccaagttttaagtcttcccaagaagtccaaaaagcgcttggaaatgcttgctaagctgcgcaa
caagggaaactatgaccataactcagaggtcttagcaagtggcataggaacattaaaaccaaaacgcaca
tcaaagaaaaactacaaagaaaaagactatattcactgcatttactgtcaggcattatatctcagaagag
atctgtggagacatgttcggaaatgttcttccaaaccaggaaaagccacttcagagggacatgacaaaag
agtcttgtctttggcctctatgaatgagtcagctctttgtcagcaagtttccccaggtgtttggaaaata
ttagctgtcatgaaagatgatgacataacatccactgtgcgaagtgacttctctattctccagcttgccc
agtcactctttaacaaacatggacaagatcccaccaaatttgactacattcgtcagaaactcagagaatg
tggaagacttctgcttgtacttcggaaagaattttcaattaacacctttgaggatgctgtcaggcctgca
aattttgatgtggttattacagctgtcaagaaagtgtctggctatgatggagaaaagaactgctactcta
ctccaagccttgccctgaagttgggccactcattgcagaaagttaatgacattttacattgtcgagcact
tatggctcaagacagtacactgatcaagtcgacccaaagtttcaaaaccctcttttctacaaagtggtct
gaattcatttcccatactgcactgtcaacactaaacgagcgtcactttaacaagccttccactcttccct
tcacagaagatgttcaatgtcttcatagacatctggagaagattactgacgaagcactgaaggacttgga
ggagcatagttcacccaaatcatacagtgaactttgcaaagtcaccatggcaaaagtaatactgttcaac
agaagacgagggggagaagtttcaaagatgacattatgtggctttcaggggagagactcaagtgccctcc
acaaggatattgcatttggacttacaaaatttgaacgn
>CryptonV-7_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
atagagacagatattgaaaatgattctgattatgtagaaagggaatattcattaactgcgagtgattctg
aagacacagagaaatcagaacatggaaatgacatcaaaaacaacttttctaacgcacaaaatgattcaac
aatatctacaggcatggatgttagtaattctaaggaatgtgaaactcggcaagatgagcaaacagtaata
cctacaaaacttattggcataaaaaaatatatgtgtgtgttttataacaaattgcaaacaaaaattgctc
gacatttcgaattagttcattctaacgaacctgatgttcaaaagttcaaatatttacctaaaggttgtag
agaaagaagaaatatcatcgatattttaagaaaaaaaggaaatttcatatttaatattgaaaaacaatat
gaaggacaaggttttattccttgcagacgggcaagagaaaatcatcctaaaattcttaaaaattatctgg
catgtgggaattgcaagggccattatttaaaatcgacaatacgacatcattttaaaaaatgtacaggtcg
gacaggaaagaatagtcgcatcgttaaagtaatgggccggaaattagaaggcaaatgtctcaaagatgct
gatgagagagtacggcgattagtattaccagcaatgagaaatgatgacgtaacacgcaatattcgttacg
atagtttgttgatattatatgcaaattcccagagcaaaaaatataggcattcatcgcatcatttacaaat
gattcgagctcgattacggctcgtaagtcggctattgataacgatgagaaatattaacaatgatataacg
tctttaacttctatttatgatccaaaatattatgatacttttttagatgccataaatattgttgcacaat
ataacaaagaaaaagatacttatgaaaagcctgccattgcgtctaatcttggtacatacgtaaagtatat
tggtgaacttttaataaccagatgcataaaggaacatgacgataacacgaaaacaaatgtgaaaaatttt
ttaaaactgttaactgttgattatggagcaagcgttaacaaaactgtagttgaatctcaaactcaattta
aaagacaaaaaattactaaacttcctacaatggaggatataaaaaaattgcggaatcatttattaaaaat
tcaaaagaaatcatacaataatttaaaaaacaagtttttattatctgattggatttctcttggtgaagct
actttaacatcaatacaattatttaaccgtcgtcggccaggagaaactgaacggatattaatttctgatt
tcaaaagctacgatagaattaatgaaaatattaatacattcagtggcttatctaaggaaaaaatagaaca
ggcacaaaaatatgtacgattttgtatacgcggaaagttaggaagaactgttcctataatattagatgaa
cttaatttagaatgtgcacaaatgtttttacaattaagaaataaagccaaagtgcacgtgaaaaatcctt
acttattccagaacatgacaaagttattgataaacatt
>CryptonV-7_OL	CryptonV	Oryzias latipes
aatgttgctgaagagaggcctgctgggaaattgactgaaggttttcctctgtttttaagttgtgtaaaac
atctttgtcattcatttcaggaggaagactctgctgaatcctcttcgtatgaatactcctacggcgatga
agactcaaactttcatgagagcttctccaggtctgaagcgtcttctgaaagtgaaggacttcccagtttg
gacgattctgactccgtcacccaagacttgcgatgcaccacaaagaatttctgctttgtttgtggggaac
ctaagggcaaaatgtctcgccacttgaagacccacatagcccaagtgcctgagatcgccgaggtgttcaa
actgcgccgcaacagcaaagaacgcaaaagagagctggcaaagctcagaaacaaaggcaaccagatgcac
aacaagcacgtcttgaagactcgacaaggggagttgaaaatcaggaaaaaactgagcaagtcttctctcg
aaacctttgcagtttgtatttattgtaaagacatgttctgtcggaaaaccttatggcaacacatgcagaa
ctgtccctcaaaggtttcaaaccccccagcacgaggcagcagtcagatcttggctggggtggctgcgagg
ttaatagaccccaagtgcatatcgtccgacatgaagaaatttttggaagcattaaaagaggatgaagttg
gccgtgaggtcttgaaggatccttacctgctgcagctggcgcagtgtatattctccacattcaagggtaa
atggaaagacacacacgttagacgcaggctcagacagatggggagacttctactgatattacaggaaaag
tgtataaaccgttttgaagaagctctgaaaccccagaacttcccaggtctccttgaagctgtgaaaaaag
taactggttccgacaaagaccccaagtactctcagagagccacagcggagatcgcaaactctctgaggaa
gctggctgacattaaatacgccatgagtctgaatggcgacggggacagagaagcggcgcgggagtccaag
gaatttatgaaactctgtctggaggaatggccagcgaaaaatgcagttcagacgattatctccagcctgt
caaccataccgtttattcaagacgtacaagttctgtaccagttcacccaggagacagtagcctctgcggc
cgaaaccctgactaactttggaagtgcccctgtttatactgcccttctcagggggataattgcctttatt
tcatttctgaacggggtagaaatggcacatgtgactcttaagtcattccaggaaagaagggaggatgaga
atactactctttgtgagtttgagcagattttggcaaagagaacagtaaaaatcaatgttgccaaccagaa
ggacaaaaagatagtcattgtccttactcccgatctgctctctgcgaccgaactgctagtagagaagaga
ggagtttgtggcgtccatgaaaataatccctatttattcgccaagccgtcggcctccatgttaagcacct
acagtatggccaccatcaccaagatgtttgtgagtcgctgtggtgcaaggcagacggagaacctcaagtc
tgcttttttccgcaagtatgtgaaaatggttttccagattctggttttggggaacgaggagctcggtcag
ttagccaaactgttgggtcgtgacattccgactcagagagagtactaccagactcctgaggcatcggcgg
acatcgcaagaatcctggaactgctttcagcagtaagcactggatctttggaaatctttaaaggaaagtc
tttgggtgagatcgagataccaggtatgtgt
>CryptonV-8_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
atatggagtgtgtatcaaatgccatggatttttttccaaaaacactttacgaagccaaaacaccttacga
atcatactcgaaaatgtataaatttaaaacattcaaaaaatcgaacaattacagttctcagacggtcaat
tcttggaaggattaacggaatagcttctcaaaatctaaaaaaagtgatttttccagtattacgagaagat
tctattacacgtctcataagatatgatgagttaattattcgatatggtaataaactttgtatgaaatata
agcctcagcatcaacacgacatggtgcgaaatcgattgcgaacatttggacggtttctaaaggcattaaa
aaatataaataatgaaattacggattttgcctcattatatcagccaaaatattacgatgactgcattaaa
gcagtatatgaaatagctcgatataatccagatactcagaagtttggtgccgcttctacagcatttcaat
taggtacattattaaaagaagtcggcgaattatggcgatcacaatgtattaaaagtcatgattctattaa
aaagattctagttgaagattttctttcacttcgtaaagaagattttggccattcagttaataaaacagta
atggaaacaagagcacatattacacgacaaaaagtggaaatagctccaagcattaacgatataaaaaagc
tttatgattacgtaaatactaagagacgtgaagcatataaccttttaaaagaaaaattttcttataatat
atggcaaactctgggtgaatctacattaatttctatacaaatatataacagaaaacgtgcaggtgaaata
caaagaatattattggaagatttttatacttatgaaggtttaaatgaacaaagcgatccggatcttttta
aatccctttcagactcagccaaagaaattgcacataaatatgtgcgatttcaaattagagaaaagttagg
tcgtcctgttcccgttttattacaatctgatattttagattgtataaaattatttatacaataccgaaat
caagctaatgtacatccaaaaaatccatatgttttcggtatagcaggtttcaataagcaaagatttaaag
ttttaagagcgtgtgatcaaatgcggaaatttgcttatgaatgtggagctgatcatcctgaaagactgcg
aggtactcttctaagaaaacatatcgcaactaattgtcacaaattaaaattaacagaacatgaagtatct
gaattggcgaattttatgggacacaaagaaaatatacataaagaatattatagattacctcaaaaagaag
cggacatgaaaatatacataaagaatattatagattatattatagattacctcaaaaagaagctgatact
ctcaatatcagtaaatatttggaagctgcacttggtacaaataatagtaattctgata
>CryptonV-9_CFl	CryptonV	Camponotus floridanus
ttaatttacatttatatcttagatgttaacgatgataatagcagtgaatcggaatatttgccatctgaag
atgaactacgttcattggaacataacgaacagacacagcagaaaaaaaaattagaaatattaaatacaac
tgtgtcctcagcatcaagtgtagatgtttcgtctggtatatttgcatgcaacgacaaaaatatgtacgta
gagaaatctaatacaaaaagtaaacaaaactattgttgtttttgcttgaaattacaaacacaactttcac
gtcacttggaaactgtacaccgcaatgaacctgaggttaaaaagttcgccatgttacctaaaggcaacac
agaaagaaaaaaaataatagatatcattcgaagaaatggcaatttcaaatttaacataaactcagaagtt
aataatggaaaacttattgtatgcagacgtcctaatgaaaaacataataaatctgctacagactttatag
catgtggaaaatgtaaaggtttttttgcaaaacaaacaataaggcatcattctcgaaaatgctttaaaaa
agatttcagcaaaaataaatgcatcatggttatgggcagaaaagtgactcgcagaatacaccatatggca
aatgaaacattagcgaaaacagtattcccagtaatgagggaagatgaaataacaaggattatacgctatg
atgaattattaatattgtatgcaaataaactatgcattaaatataaagcacaacatcaacacgatatgat
acgtgcaagattgcgcgttcttggacgattccttttagcattaaaaaaaattaattcaaatattgaagat
tttaagtcactctatcatccaaaagtgtacgatgattgcattactgcaataaatgtagtagcaggatacg
ataataaagaaaatatgtataaaactccagcggtagcggctaatatatcaacattgctgaagcatatagg
aaatctacttattacagaatatataaaggcagatgattctgaaaaaaagaaattagtgaaagatttttta
aaattattgatcgtacatattggaacgagtgttaataaaactgtaatcgaaacgcagtcagctcataaaa
gacgtaaaaagatcaatctaccatcaatgcaagatattcaaaaattgtataaacatttgaaaaaagtacg
agaaaataattacattgcattagaaaagtctttttcttataaaaattggatttctctagcagaggcaaca
ctaacgtcaatccatgtattcaacagacgacgagcaggagaaatagaacgaatattaattaatattaatt
gaagacttcaaaaataatgaaagaataaataaaaacatgtacagtgatatatatacatcattatcagaag
agaatcgaaaaatagcagaaaattatagtcgattctgcataagaggaaaattaggacgtactgtgccggt
gttattgacgaatgagctgcttaaatgtattcatataattttaaaatttcgtaaagaagccaaagtgtct
gaaaaaaatccgtatctttttggattacgcggttctaacaaaaataggtacaggtacctaagagcttgca
ttttaatgcgtaaattctcaagcgaatgcaatgcaatagaatcatcaagtttacgcggcacgattttacg
gaaacacgtagcaactcattgtatacaattgaatctgaatgatatcgatgtttccgatttagctacattc
atgggacacgcagaaaaaattcatcgagagcattatagacaacctctagctagtagagatattcttaaaa
tctcgcaatatttagaggcagtccaaggtaatgaacaagatttaaacgaatcttcatcagatagcgaata
cgaagatggagaagatgagaataataacgacataataatggacaaagagaatgtttctttaagtaattat
attaga
>CryptonV-N1_EL	CryptonV	Esox lucius
ttaggtcttactgaacgaatggggaccaaatgtcccaatgagtatagtaaaaccagaaaaaattgacctc
attgggaccttttgccggtccccgtgaggcaaaagtcaatttccggctcagggtttaggtttagggtcaa
acttacaattgattttagagttagaattggggtttctttaaggtccaggcattgttggttaagtttaggg
ttaaggttaggcattacatctaggtaaagtttaggcataaatgttactttattgaggttagggttaggtt
tagggttaagtttagggcaagggagcatgcaatttctattttctggtccccatgaggatagccgtacaaa
ct
>CryptonV-N2_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
ttggcatatgtggtttatggaaccaattttcaggtttacccaccagcattatgagaccatttagtttatg
agaccatttttggtggtctcataaactaaaaatttaagttgatattaaaaatggtttaaatgatgattat
tcattacaatgacctaaatgataattataagacttgtttcaaaagttcacattgttatttggttattatt
acacttggtgtgctttttatgacctttacaaatatggtcttgtaaaccatgatgtgtatgtgtgatcttt
gaacagcgcctctgtaggcggaacttggtactgcacttctatacacactcgcgccaaatcttacacaatt
tcgcgccatacattcaatcgcgggaaaacgtccctcatgaagactgtggacgtgacagtcgcgcttcaag
cagtgaaactcacatcaaacaagtaagtcatttgtttttaatactttgtacattatttattattatatgt
actgtattattccacttgttattcaaaatagcaagtttatttatatatttatatgcggcgcgtactgttt
tagacaataataattagtgactgggaacagaagatgagaacaaataaacgttagaaatatgtgtttgtaa
tggcagtatcagacgtagttcttcaaaatgtgtatttgctaataatagcacgcgctcggcctgtatctgg
ctcggaagcgccggtgtcgatttaacccagaaccgggcagagctcactcctccgcggtaaacaattcgcc
gtctgattccatgagatgtaacgttataatagatgcactatgtaatttgtgattttttttctacacatac
ttttatgtgagaagcaatgaccattcgaatatggtataaataacatggtaacaaggtatattaaacataa
atatgacgtagaaacaatttactaaacttgaattattaagcatgattgaacaaaatgtttgaatttagta
atgtaaatgtgtggttttattttttctaatgtttttttgtgataaacttgtgttcagttaaactgtacat
ttgaataaatgaacttttattatgaaaagaggttaactaaccctagttaaataactttatttgatcaaat
tgtcaaaatagtgcactactaacttatattttgttaaatggtttgaaatgtgataactgtattatgaaat
ttgataactatattactattttgttctgttttggtcttctttagagaattttacactacgtcacatatat
taatactgctttgcatatgtggtattgtattgatattataaactgtgaagtttaaccttatataatattt
taacagtgaatgaatggtggtaagagtcaaagcagaggattaaatcctttgaaagatgctgctcatcatg
tgaggttggggaaggataaagacatgcttacgtggaggtacatcagtgacatcaaaggtaccaaagtttt
gtacatgttttttcttactgcaggtagtccccagttaatgtttcattataagcatagtgtataaaatgtt
aagatgcaaaaaggagtttaatttaacacaaaaaaattaagtcatgaatgatgatttgatgacatgacat
tataaatgtcaacaaataacatttaaataataataataaaaagaaatgtcctaattgaaaaccacacttt
aaaatgttaatgtttaatttaagagtctaaaaaatgctaatattaatgatttccatattagtgaaaagtt
aaaactattaaagattgtacactatccagggcctgatctctaaatagttattttaaatatataataaagt
tattttcaaatgttagcaacatcttaatagaattcatttgtatttatttatttgtgatgttagtcactag
gggtgtaacggatcactgttgatccgtgatcgatacggatcacaacccacggttcggaatgcgcgtgacc
cgtagattaataactttttttgaacttgtaggttaatccaacatttataacaatcgcagagagatcgcct
cccgtgtcattcaaattgcatgaatgaaagcattttggcttccctgtaaaatataatgatgacgttgtgg
gacctacctaaatgcttttggctattaaggtgtttttttgtcactgtttgtttagcctgcattaatgcat
tcattatggtaagaataaaatcactgtttaatgaaacaagatgctggtgaaagcaactacattgtgtaac
caacagatggcgacaaacaaacatcaaaattatgtcattgaataggttttcaaatataatacacctacag
tataatgaaacatgaagttttatgtgtgaattgttgaatcattaattgaagataaatatatgttgtacaa
gatttctatatattttgcattatcagcaacagtagcaaagatcatatttcatattgaatactttttttta
gctggttatttcctgatttttattttttattaaaattacaggttctatattctgtttgttaaaagcaatg
ttttatgcagtaacatttttgtataaatggaaagcaaattgtctcctcccttttttgctgatccaaaaaa
tggtccgatccataactcaaaaaacgtagagtgatccgaactgcagattttggatccgttacaccactat
tagtcgccctttcccaaaccctggttagcctgtcgattatcatttgccacaactagcgctacttcaccca
tattctcctacctcatggctctgttgaagagcatttaataggttgcacatgccttaataaaggtttctga
gggcgtactcgcactgtacagttgccatgaaccaggctgaagcatgcttttccccccttccgtctccccc
tacggcctgcactcacattgcattcgtgcctgggcactcttatgtcatcgaacatgtgctgttcagtaag
agctctcgcaaagcacagtggagaatagtaataaataccttttaaaatatatattttagtactgcttcag
ttaacttgaacaagtgtacttatactatcaattttcacattaatacagacctcttgagttcttaatccgg
gcctgacactatcaaatagtaaagtattagataattgttttgggccagtttcctgtacagtgtacttttt
gtgcactattaaaccaacataatgaattttttcaatgatttagtttcttctgtatcagttttcactgttt
gtcctgaaaagtttgtgatgcatactctgtggagtcagtgttcatgtgttgacagaactgtttttatttg
gcagagttacaattttaatcttgtataaaaaaagtaccttgtgtttaattttaaaacattgttctgcacg
atatcacaacatacaattgtaattttagagtgtgtcatgtggaggagttgaccttctctcctgtaacaaa
catgaaaaagcaaaggtagggtatattggattttattttaaaaattggcatattttgaactgtatgtagt
attaaatataatgtttaataatgtctgtttagcacacacttgagttgttttagctttattttctgtgttt
tgattatgtttttcagtctcttcatgagccattatctttgaattctgaacagagtgagcttcaaagaggt
ttgtctatataattgtcttctaaatgttgatctgaagagatattttcttattgttcctgtatctgtgcag
ttatttttatataataatacatttaatatgggtgtagcgatacattattatattgagaatcgcaatataa
caattcaaagttttttctttagattagcctctattcacacggtgagtattatgcgtaagattaaacgttt
acacagtggcagtataaactactgttgttaaatgatgaaaataatgcaagttgaaatctgatgatgacaa
atgcctgattataccagtgaaaatgatctatttgcatgtggaccataagagagtgcaagcatacatctaa
cactcatcttcagaattttgaatttgtattctgatgtcatctctgtcctgtgcattaaagaccaatttaa
agtttaacatgccagatctatgcaaaattgagcattttaaccattactaggcctacatattataataata
ttgttttttaccacatttgagaaataacaaatattactaatatttaaagctttttttatagcttacaata
ttgagatatcaagagaaacaatgtcaagtttgctgacctagcaataggctattgttttaatatctgtgtg
tttgctcatggtttatggggaccaagtatgtctactgaatgtgacttagcagtaggctattgttttgtta
aatctgtttattcatggtttatgaggacatggtttgttatgcgagacttaaagctttcagtaagtgaatg
tcatgttttcttcatctttctttgcttctctctttcagcgcctccatgagcctgtggctttaaccaacac
aaacagagctgtcttctacagaggtttgttaattattttgtcatgctaatttgacactccgtgctaaaat
gacagtttcatatttctactacattcaacgtagcagtcctgtgtgtttagtcatggtttatgaggaccaa
gtatgtctattttatgtgagttagcagcaagctattgttttattaaatctgtgtgtttactcatagttta
tgaggacatgattggttatgcaagacttgaagctttcagtaagtgaatcatgttttcttcatctttcttt
gcttctctctttcggtacctccatgagcccgtcgcttggacaaacacaaacagagttgttttctacagag
gtttgttaattcttttgtcaagctattttgacactccgtgctaaaatgacagttacctatttctgctaaa
tgcagtgtagcagtcctgtgtgtttagtcatggtttatgaggaccaagtatgtctattagatgtgactta
gcagtaggatattgttttaataaatctgtgtgtttactcatggtttatgaggacacagtatgtgtaggtt
tacatggtgctascagtagactattataacatgtgtttcttcatggtttatgagggcattttttgttatg
cgagacttcaaacagttagtaaacaaatgttacattttctttatctttgtttctctctttcagtacctct
atgagctcgtcactttgacaaacacagagttgtcttctacagaggtttgttaattattttgtcaaactat
tttgacactttgtgctaaaataacagtttcatatttctgctaaatgcagtgtagcagtcctgtgtgtttt
gtcatggtttatgaggacactgtatgtagaatgcaatgttagcagtagactattgttttataacgtgtgt
gtttcttcatggtttatgaggacatgattggttaaacgagacttaaagctttcagtaagcgaatctcatg
ttttcttcatctttctttacttttctctttcagcacctccataagccagtcgctttggcaaacacagagt
tgtcttctacagaggtttgttaattcttttgtcaagctattttgatacttcgtgctaaaatgacagtttc
ctatttctgctaaatgcagtgtagcagtcctgtgtgtttagtcatggtttatgaggaccaagtatgtcta
ttagatgtgacttagcagtaggttgttttattaaatctgtgtatttactcatggtttatgaggacacagt
atgtgtaggttgacatagtgctagcagtagacaattataacgtgtgtttcttcgtgatttataaaggcat
gatttgttatgcgtgacttaaagtaatttaacaatgttaaaaaaatcttatctttgcttctctttttcag
tacctccctgagcccgtcactttgaccaacacagagttgtcttctacagaggtttgtttattcttttgtc
atgttattttgacactccttcgtgctaaaatgacagtttcttaattagactaaatgcagtgtagcaatcc
tgtgtgtttagtcatggtttatgaggacacagtatgtgtaggtttacaatgttagcagtagactattgtt
ttataacgtgtgtgtttcttcatggcttatgaggacatgattggttttgtgagacttaaagctttcagta
agcgaatgtcatgttttcttcatctttctttgcttctctctttcagtacctccatgagccagtcactttg
tcaaacacaaacagagttgtcttctacagaggtttgttaattcttttgtaatgctattttgacacttcat
gctaaaattacagtttcctttttcagctaaatgcaatgtagcggtcctgtgtgtttagtcatggtttatg
aggacacagtatgtctatttaatgtgacttagcagtaggatgttgttttatgaaaactgtgtgtttcttc
atggtttatgaggacacagtatgtgtagttttacatgtgctagcagtagactattataacgtgtgtttct
ttatggtttataagggcatggtttgttatgcaaaacttaaaacagtaagtaaacgaatggtaaattttct
ttatctttgcttctctctttcagtaccttcagtcactttgacaaacacaaacagagttgtcttctacaga
ggtttgttaattcttttgtaatgctattttgacactcccgtgctaaaataacagtttcctatctctgcta
aatgcagtgtagcagtcctgcgtgtttagtcatggtttataaggaccaagtatgtctattggatgtgact
tagcagtagactattgttttattaaatctgtgtrtttcttcakggtttatgaggacatgattggttatgc
gagacttaaagttttcagtagttttcttcatctttctttgcttctcgcttttagtacctatatgagcccg
tcactttgacaaacacaaagacttgtcttctacagaggtttttgtaattgttttgtcaagctattttggt
acttgaaaccaatcatgtcctcataaaccatgaagaagcacacattataaaacaacagtcttctgttaac
attgtaaaactacacatactgtgtcctcataaaccatgaagaaacacagatttaataaaaaaaaacattc
tactgctaagtcacatctaatagtcatacttggtcctcataaaccatgactaaacacacaggactgctac
actgcatttagcagaaataggatactgtaattttagcacagtgctaaaataacagtttcctatttctgct
aaatgcagtgtagcagtcctgtgtgtttagtcatggtttatgaggaccaagtatgtctattggatgtgac
ttagcagtagactattgttttattaaatctgtgtgtttcttcatggtttatgaggacacagtatgtgtag
gtttacaatgttaccagtagactgttattttataacgtgtgtgtttcttcatggtttatgaggacatgat
tggttttgcaagacttaaagctttcagtaagcgaatgtcatgttttcttcatctttctttacttctctct
ttcagcacctccataagccagtygctttgacaaacacaaacagagctgtcttctacagaggtttgttaat
tcttttgtaawgctattttgacactcctatgtgtagacttmcatggtgctaggtgytaaaattttcctat
ttttacttttagctgttttagtcattytatgagccagtcgatttgactaacasaragttgttttttacar
aggtktgttaattctttttacaagaattaacatactgctgtagaaaacaactytgtgmmtggytyattag
aaaagtccaatagtaggaaaaataataacatggaagtcaatgagtgcacgttttaatttattaagaaaat
aaactaataataattaaaataataaaataatttaaataagtgaataataatgtctctctcactttctccc
ttcaggaaataacaggtgaatcttgacagaaatccaggaagccagacagtgatggtggtgatggtaagaa
tttctgtcaataacaatgcaggaagaaactaagtaactaaaattactttraaaataatgtgcattttagg
ccttttttattttaagcaaattttaaaactattgcgtcgtagagagataaacagtgtttgttattttaaa
gtgataggactaagatggtcaataaataagctttttatttacctattaattcacagttttaatttacatt
ttgttgattatattttactcttatttttacctattaaaaatcttatttttttcttattattactcttatt
ttacttttattatatttatattttactattatgttattttgtctcaattactgtacattaatagcaaatt
aatatttaagtaggcctaattatttatttaaaaacattaccagcgaaatactgagaaacggtctggcgct
atttttatatacaggcctatcataattttaaagaaagctgcaaggtgtgctacattattttaaattattt
tttctgtctgttacttgaagttcagtgcgtgtgcgctgagagacaaggcaatattgacaaaatattgaat
tttgttttttatattgcattgcattaatttgcagagatgttttatagtttatacaggcctaaaataaacg
ctttggtacagagttattattttaaaacaaacctgtgtttgtaatgatagatgtaggtgtcacaaaatac
tttttaaatcagtgtttttattaatatgattattatttattgtgaacaacacttaataaatactgaaatg
tccttaatacacaccttatttttttatcaattacagtgcttcccgcatgtgtgtgccgcatacacacacc
atgcggtctcattcatgcttttaaaacatgaatgattcgaatgtacatcaatgaatgatgcacatgccgt
gctgcaaaattacaatgcatgcttttagtaatattcacgtgaaactgacttcccgyatgtttataatata
cttgcgrtggtaggaggatttttaaataaaaatatagtcaaggtaaaatgttcaaaaactaggtctgact
cactccttttcttccgccgtctcattaacacacctttattaaattacaataattaacaaattgcacaaac
aaacagtaatatttaagagtaaagtaatgagctatttaaaagtacactttaaagaaaaccacatttacaa
gagagactgtgccttaaagcatatactgctctgtcacactgcttttatttattattttaggtttgtttat
gaatgaattatttaagttaaatatttcatgtatgtggtttaatatttaattggtcattaaatcaaatgaa
gaagctagctactttattttttgacacttcaaccgatcaataaacaaagaaatgaacaaccacagattat
tttattctctctgtaaagtatttagatacttagactatactaaataattagactattctatatagttttt
aacattgtttgggctcagttgggattatttgttaatgaactgccactcatctttccattaaacattttga
tattaaaattatgttttaactttatgtctccaagattgcattgtaattttctaagttaaactaaactagt
taaactagacaattaaaatatgctgtaaaaaagtttaggttgataactattttattttggctggaaatga
tttactgctggttttatctgaccagagaacaacacaatgttggaattgacgtagtagcattgtgtaaagt
gcgatatgagacagcatatttaatccttgcactattttaagtgaatgcatatgtattccaccgactccaa
aattaggagttaagagtctcatccaaaaaacccagaaccgaacatccctaatcgacgccccattgatgtt
tctttgaacatcaggtgccattattaactgtttatcaagttaaatttcaaactgaacctataactgtttt
tgattaattcaaagtatagcccagactattttttccttttcaaaagcagtagcagtatagcctaaacagg
acagttttacaaatgtacagataagcatttttataactgaacatcacaaaaggcctacaagaattttcag
tccatttttatatacaggcctattataattttaaagaaaactgctaggtgggctatattattttaattct
agcctatattatttttattaatttcctctgtatctgtcacttgcgattcaatgcacacgtgctgagcgag
acgagaaataaggcaatattgaccattttttataggctataggccactatagtatataatagtttatttt
tacatatagtattgcattaatttgcattgacgttttgtagtttgtagaggcctaaaatgaatgcctcgat
ttggagttatttaaaacataatcctgcgtttttaacattctttaaaccaatgttttttattattattatt
taatgtgaataacttttaattaaaaattgtaatgtatttattacaccaccttattgggaaaaaaaaacga
tcaattacagtgcttcccgcaggtttgaaatataggacttgcagcattgaaacaccatttacccacatca
catagttaactatgcgacaaacaaaacttaattgcatttttaataataattgtatttattatgacacttt
ttcttttaatgggttaaagtaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagaatgttacaaaagactgaaatcaaaaagaaatgc
tttatgctatttaggagcaatgtgcagccactgacaggtaaaattcgcttttctctctcaagttcaaagc
aaatatatgctgcgaaccacgtttttttagcctgttaaataaaattataaataatacattaagaaattga
agtcaggtaggacaacaaaagacaaccaaacatgttccccctgttagcaaatgtaaccaaaaagtatctt
tacgtgcaacaagctgctcatctgagggtgtgttcagcacgatggggaacatagtgagccccacaagatc
ccatcttaagccagagatggtcaacatattggccaggattcctcgcaaagaacaagtaaacctcactgtt
aataaatgccaatttacaatgttttatttatttttttttttttaagactgtgtcaacctgtcatttttgt
aatgtaattttgaaagtttttcttttatatttgtttcttgttcattcgtttaatcttatttaaactttgt
gcaatttaattacttatcttgctattttattttcttattcgttttaaaaacattctaacattcatcacaa
tttgaatgctaaaggattttagatgtgtatataaaatagcctatgtaaaatattaacatcatcaaattaa
taaaataatgacaaatttgaaataaatgacagaaaagttaataaaaacagacattctctaaaaaatataa
aaatcgcaatattaaaatgagtagatttttttaaataaaatgcgttgattaactattactattggtgtat
atattttacagccagtctagatctcattacgtcctctcccgagtatatagccgaagtttttcttagtcgt
ttacattaaagaatctattatttactttttctctctgtatcgcggctgagtgtgcgctgtcagctgaata
taggcttaaattaaatctaaaaagcaactagcctgcgagctaatatttgttctttttttttcgcataaca
gccaatttcaaccgcgaggagataccaacagcttgatatgcaacattttctaaaatgttatttagctcgg
aataaaaacaattcacaaaaaatgatttagtgtgtgtgtttttttaagattggattagcctatttcacag
tgtgtaaacattagaaataataattaggctaaaatacagtagattaccccttcattcagatatatgtcgt
tgtttgggaaactctcccctggtctagaagcttctctagcttcttatctgctccacaagcgcagcgcgct
tcttcctctggctctgcaccatttcatttctaatttcatatataaatcattaatggttgtaggcctaatt
tacagtaggctatttatttagaaatagaaaaaactttttaatataatattaattattattattattatta
aagtaggatattgcaaacaatatgcaaaataaatgcaaacaatattccatgactccaatatcaattgcta
cgagcctaatatagaaattttaattaacacgtagttcagtccataagttgctgtgaatagaaacagccta
tataagcctacattaccagaagttggcctataggtaaaaggtatataaccggggattttgtgtcaacctt
gcttgtgaaatatactcaagatatacccctgccctcatctcaaacaaaatgtttggctattaatgaagca
gcctgtctgaggtgttaatggggcattgcgctttaaccgaaaacaacaacaacccaaaagcactaaattg
gttacaggggttgcttcagaaaattgcctaataataatagtagtagtagtaataataataataataatta
tgtaatcaaaaaaaggctgcatattaataagtgggtcgcgggttataatctaaaagctattgccagtcaa
acacagcacagccattacagcaaaatggagagatttaaatgtacatattgcacatatggaattatccact
cactgcatgtcgtctaccctgataaacatgctaattgtcttattattattaatattatattgtatgcact
tatgaaattaaagtttatagataaacaatgcttaaacattaaaatgtgcttttagaaacttaaaatattt
atgtttctaatatttaattatacatttgctgtgtttaatataggggatagaatagcatacagtatataaa
aaaaattttgtcctttataccgaaataggccggctataagaggaggcgctctattaaacaagcagaaaca
gcacagactgttcactctgcatgcatgtgaaagaaatgaacagagaaaaataaacagacgataaataata
ggcgactcaccttacgtgccgatatgcccatttatttaattcataactgccactaatagctatgcaaaag
ggaacctattttgagtgttttgcatgtagtgacagattttcaaatatttgtaacctggcctataataaat
aataataattattgataaagcaagttatactgcaatcaggtgatgtgtttcattgactcgataaccttaa
tattttgtagtgtgtgctgtgacgcgattttcatttcttgcaatgtgcgcacgtttaagatttgaggtaa
taacatcgccatgatagtcaaagaaatgtaaacattctttttaccccaacacaatttaatagggcgctat
aaaggctaaacaacttcattcttatatttgtttaatttttgcagcctggggctatacttctcaccatcta
ttgtatcttttctaaagcatacagtatagtgtaaaagcatgtttattactaagaaaaaagaaaaagtatt
ttttaattgatcacatcacataatctactgtaggctacatataaatgaaggctaagtgcacacacacagc
agcatgtacaaatcagattatgaaaaatgatgaagagcatgcttttccttttatcctttatttttagttt
tttttttttatttacacatttttttaagtggtgaggacaatattcactggttcccccctcctgtataata
attaaatgttacatttttaagaacttcacaaatagcctaaataacacttttcagtatcagtgataatata
aatagtaactaataataataataataataataagaagaagaagaacaaaaaatattagcctattgataac
aatataagtgagatgttgaggaaaaaacagcgtaggctactaactctccactgtttttggttcatatttt
aaattatttgacagaaaagctaacatgctgacacattgtctggattaagcagacctagttggagttgcaa
tgtttccagcagcactcaatacacgttcagactttctatcgcagtgcttgtagcgcaaatgcacaaatgc
tttttcctatgctacatttctcgtcaatgtcttccatttatcactttctcttttgtatctggccattttt
aaatagggctctgcgatatctggctgacaaaaaaatcaaaaaataaattttaatttttataattttatat
atttttattttattttttgtgctcataatattgacctttgcagtttttacctttttattattcagctaaa
ctaaaaaacggaagactttctccagtggaaaaatataatagggaatattatgaaaacattgcttgccttt
ttttaaaattaagaaaagtctttacatggaaaggtcatatcactttcagtagtccacaatgattcaaagc
agctactgaaagttatactcgcatatgttgctgttaaatcatgtagttgtgtgatgtataaccatggtgt
aagtgcacacctaaggattaaccttttttccaagaaagagacttttaaacgatattgatgaacagttgat
atgatctattaaaagtcagtgatgctaacagttaatcatcttgtttgctttcaggctctagcactggcag
aacaacctacatgagaagaccatggacaaaagcagacgtgaaggctgtaatgagttcaaaagactgatta
ttattatacacattttctttttttttccttgtcacagagtgacaatatttaaccattttcaaacccactt
ctgttccatgccagtgcttcacagtccatcatcactctagggcagtctctacattgctctacagtttgcc
tctgcttctcaacccatgtctgccactactccacagtctggtactgctccacagtccaggtccacgtctg
cttcatgagcctgggcaatacccatcacacaaaaatacataacccacaaatgcagtccctcagactaaac
atttacaacagtgttgagtagcaaaaagacatgttttttgttttttatttacatgtttgaaaatggtcaa
atattgtcactgtgacaaaaaagtgaaaatgtgtatgatattaattagtcacattataacacattatatt
actgtcacattacgaaatttagtttttaatctgttttgtgttcatataattctgtatgtatcattcaatt
tgtggaatcaaacttttatgtctagttttatctttttttctttttatctatctttttatctatttttatc
catctattttttgttcttgtcagagcgataatagttgatgcatttcataataaaatgtatatacatgttt
aattcccctgctgttttcctggacttcaaaaataaaaaaaaaaagtttatttttttatttctgtcattga
gtggcaatgttttgtatttgacagtattctagtgcactaccatgttgtgttctagtataaatatttaaat
ttgaaaaagaataatctgttgaacgacttaattaaattttaaaataccattagtttgtttataagctgta
atcattcattcattcattttcttttcggcttaacccctttatttatcaggggtttccacagtgaaatgaa
ccaccaacttatccagaatatgttttacgttgcggttgttcttccagctgcaacccatcactggaaaaca
cccatacacactcatacacacacactacggacaatttagtgtattcaatcccctgtaccgcttgtctttg
gactgtgggggaaaccggagcacccggaggaaacccactccaacacagagaacatgcaaactccacacag
agttcacagaggggaacatttgtgttctggccaagtaaaagaataaaataatgaatatgttatcgtacag
ttgtgcttctggttgttcatggttgaaggttctttgccaattatggtctttttttatctgaagttgcctt
tcaaaatatctactgtcctataaaataagagcaaaggcccttaaacaattaactcttcatactttaatgt
taaaatgctgtctttttcaggttatttgttcaacagtacattaaacagattgtttaactgatacaacaca
ataagcctacagaattgttaaatcaaaagtgtattataagcaaaatagtattttgtcatttaagaagtga
caggcagaaccttagcaactgagatgggtttagcaggtgtctagctgaggaaagccagagtctgttctgt
tgtcacccttactgcaatagcagaatagtgtgatatgtaaaatgtgttaatcagtcctcttaaaccatga
aggggctaggtttgtgtgtaacatgtaaacagaccttgtaaaccatgattttgtctggccccataagcct
gtgaaatgtcacatagttaatttgagtgtgttgtgaaactaaaattgctgtttttaagcgttgtttgcct
tttgtagctcaaataaaaatttttggcacaagttttatgttcgtaggatgttggcaaaggtatgtccccg
taaaccaccaaaaagtcacattgacctcataaaccatgtatgcctgta
>CryptonV-N3_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
cgttggtgcgaccggactgttgggacaaaacacctgaatacataccgtcactatgagcacacaccgtaac
tgttggaacagcgctactgtcccgataagtcgggcggcatacacgtgttctaacatgcgtgacttactac
ctcccgcgttttctcgttatgtcctaatgtttacggtgaacccgtttttctgtgtgtatcagtgtatgct
cattgtgtataatctcccactatcgtccctttcctgctactgctgctccatacacattagagcgcgtcac
agtcgcgtttcattggtctagccgcagaactcctcgcccgcgattggctggatttttatcgcctttcatt
ggtcgatcagcggaatccccgtcagcgattggctggatttcatgtcaatcaatatcaacccgcttcacgt
ttccaattggctgccgaagacacgagaggtagacctttaattccgccggagtaaagcaactacgaaagag
aactatttgtgcatcttaaaggtatgaactgcttatttactgtatattttgtgccatgtgttaagttaac
tttagacattgtgtgcatgacgagttagtcagggtcatatcacttaatgtgcgacatcattagcagatat
aaagttagtgtccgtgacccagtttgtttatattatatattcgcacgttcggactttccccttaatacta
taattttataaatgtattatttgcaaactttaaatagcgaatgattattagcagcaaatgactatcaaag
tacaacattgttcacagtcaaataaacagtgttgttgttttcaagtcacccatgctaataccgatagaat
attcaaagtaacatggtaaacaatatagagacttctaaatgaatgactgtggaaatataaaaccaacttt
acctctgtcttgattgaggtaaagatggttttatattcacacattcgttcagtgacagctccatacattg
tttaccatggtactttaaatatttggactgaaatcacatgtacagtaagtatgacttcaaaacaacatta
gcactatttaatcgactgtgaacaatgatgtactttgatggttgttggctgttaatattattttactatt
tagaatttccaattaataattttctgagattatattattaatgagaaagactgcatgtgcgaatataaaa
ccatctttacctctatttaaacttgagcttgtccactgtagactatttattattattgttattattagta
gttgtagtagcagtagtagtattaatattattgacaacataataattgttatggtatactaaccaataac
aaggtggtcagtatgtcattagggacacttttaggaagggaagtaaactgtgtcatatatttgacaaaag
attaaaagggcaaggttakcttaacatcacaaaatattcaatattaggttagtactttgtgtttcagtca
ggaatgttttgactatgcagtattttttccacagcatcgatgcttcacaaaaggatggataactggtatg
ccgtaatgatggtcacagaaatcctaaatgaaggcagtagttctgtttctgtttactacaagggatatct
ttccaaatgaggaaattacccacaactatggtgattcttcttggccatggcattcaagggtgagtgtgtg
ctctctttaagactgttttctattatcagaggacacgtttgttgtattgtgttgtgaagaaataacttaa
ttgcttgtgcatgtttttatatttttgttctattcctaaatgcgcacacaatagttgcgtatgtgacagt
agataattacactttggttattattgtttctacttatattagtagtggtagccactttgtacatcttctt
caaaaagattagcaaaattcaaaaacatgcacatcatggaaagagaaagtgaatacagtctgtattgaag
agaaagtaagttaacacttcttaacatgatctgagtttacatccaaaactgcaaatgtaacttaagtgga
aaattaaaacaatgcattaaaacatttgcaaacaatcacagtttccatcaaatgggtcaaaaagaataaa
atcatctttttgcaaatatttttgccttaatcttgtgttttttttactcacttttacaggaattgcatga
agcatcattggtgactgagattgaatgcagtgtgaaaacttccatgtcagggaaagagaaagtaagtgaa
tttaaagagcgcctgttatgcattataaaaggtcatatattttggttttgcggtctttatcaacaggctg
atctgcatgcaaggtcaaaaacacttttattatcctaaaatatgcatttatttttacctaattatcgcag
tgactcccatatgatttattcagcgattcatttgtttccaaacccctcctttgcgtgaagctaatctagc
agtgattggtctgatgacccagtctgctgtgatttggtcgactgcgttcagcatgaggcggagagaaaca
cccaccacggttatgaaggagccacagtgcagagtatatgtgtgggcactatggaggagtgcattaaagt
attgcagttaaacaccagcattcgctctattagtaaccataaccccaagtaataacagcgacaaacattc
agtattaatccacacagtggcaaaagttgaactattctgaaaattgactgcagcatatgtgtatgaacag
ctgattgtgcccatagcaatggcaaacagcaggggattgtgagttcagaaactcatttaaatcggtaaag
gaagaagcaggcgttgagttttaaacatggtttggacacaataggtaaacagcccatacagatttaacct
gagagatacagtacaagcactgatctatagtagatgcgtgattacaagctgtgcagggtgattacaagtt
acaacacacaattaaatacatattttgcaaactacacaaaatgcggctactattttaatcacatctacag
gtagtgatctggaggaagaagaaattggtccatatgaactgtgaatgatttataataatcactcatttat
aatgtcgctcgtgtagccaataggattatagcaaaaactaagcactgtgctcagccatagttcattaaac
ttgaacctttggttcattgagatcatctttaatataagatactctttaatataatatgactttcctgaat
tttaaagcctgaatacaagcaccacaactaaaagtctgacactaggctataaacgaactataccatgatc
gtcacctcatcaccatcaacctgttcactgtgagatatttcatgttcaacagcacctgtagtctcattta
gcaacttcttagcaaccagctttacaaagacacctaacagctttaaaaaaatcacaaatgtggtgtaact
ggtgtgttttatatcttagaataaaacatgaatgtattttaataataataatagcttttatttttaggcg
cctttcaaagcacttaaggacaccttacagcagatcacaagcacatcataaatatacaagcagtaaaatt
gataatcagcataatattaaaccagaaaatcactaaaggctatcataaacaaaaacatttttatctgaga
tttaaaatcagaactagagtccacctggcgaatgtgcaaaggcagggagtttcataactggtgctgtaca
actaaaagtcctgccaccaaatgacgtcatcttaaagtttgggacagataacagttctgcagaagatgat
ctcagtgagcgcaaaggagtgtacaaatgaagatcatttcttaagcttgcattaaacatagaccttattt
tagggaccttatatttacaaatatgccattccaaaaaaaaaaaaattacacttagagatgcctatttcgg
tacattttctcaaccgacaaccgatgcctcattgaccgaatattaaccactaaccggtcagattaatatt
aaatgatcatttaatactttttttttctaaatgttgtgtctattttgtgtctgacacatcaaaaaggcct
attgcattttaaagtattgatttattttaatatgtgaacaacagtatagaacatgaacaacagaacatta
taaaatcttcacgcacagtgtttccaacagcatagaaaaaaagaataaactaaataaaaagagtaaaatt
aataggcatgccctaaatattttcttttcagttaaattacaaatttagattacaaaacaaaaacactgac
taaatcctttttaagaaccagcatgctgtttatttccaatcatgtttctttttggtttttgtttaattaa
ataaaaatagcaggctacctcaaatcatttgctctacagaagataagcatttaattaatgctcctctcta
attcttatatcacaacgtctgtcaacattttttttttatagaagtctttattttaaagattatatcttga
gcatctgattttacctcagtgcttgtgtgattttagttgcactgtcctcagtagcacagaaatatcagta
tatcaatacagactttgctgaaaggctggttatgtcttaccagcaatgagatataataatgttattagag
attttaaagccaatacagatttaacctgagagatacagtacaagcactgatctataatagatacgtgatt
accagccgcgcatggatgattacaagttacaacacacaattaaatacttattttgcaaactacacaaaat
gaggcaactattttaatcacatctacaggtagtgatctggaggaagtagaaattggtccatattaattgt
gaaacttactgataatgttagatgtaggagggctgaccactgtttttgactgtttttcctggcttgttgt
ctcaaaggcattgttgtgacgaccctctctgattaaaatatacccctctaataatttataataatcactc
atttataatgtcactcgtgtagccaataggattatgcaaaaactaagcactgtgctcagccatagttcat
taaacttgaacccttgcttcactgagatcatctttaatataagatactctttaatataatatgactttcc
tgaattttaaagcctgaatacaagcaccacaactaaaagtctgacactaggctataaacgaactatacca
tgatcgtcacctcatcaccatcaacctgttcactgtgagatatttcatgttcaacagcacctgtagtctc
atttagcaacttcttagcaaccagctttacaaagacacctaacagctttaaaaaaaaatcacaaatgtgg
tgtaactggtgtgttttatatcttagaataaaacatgaatgtattttaagtttgagttaaccatacacta
cataattttagggatttaacaaatatgccattccaaaaaaattacattaaaaagttggaagcagaagtgg
taaaacacaaactcgcttctgggtttttgtctacagggatatcacagttccaccactctataggggttgg
tttggttatttattgtctttttaggctcgttttatatctgcattcactgcctttctgacccaatcttgtg
cctttccttttcatgtttacagcaattatgtgaaaagtcatcaatggcaatgattgaatgtggttcgaaa
aatttctacatcagggaaggagaaagtaagtgaattaaattttcctttttgataaaggccaggtttccat
ctaaagctgcaaatgtaacttgtgtggaaaattgaaatattcccaaaacatttgtgaacaataatcattt
gcatcaagctagttacagacaataaaatcatcacttcacaaatcttcttgcctcaatcttgtgtttcttt
ttttctcttttacaggaattgcatgaagagtcattggtgactgggatcaaatgctgtgcgaaaacttcta
catcagggaaagagacagtaagtgaatttaatttccttcttgatgctgaccatgttagaaatggaggtag
ggatgttttagtacccctttttcccttcccgatactgattctcatacctgagctcagggaatcagccaaa
agtaagtactaaaccgatacctgagtgggtatctgtagaagcagttgtgtataatactagccctgtttat
ccattaataaaatggtacaaacacatacagcaaactagggtaaagttttacaatataactgtataaaaac
agtgcaaaaagagatataaaaaataaaaatgaatactatagaaaaatagcatctttgtatctcaatattc
agaaacttaaaaaaatataaaaataaaaagacacttgttgattttaaagaaaatttagaaatttattgag
aaggaaatatagcctaaacttatcaacaacagattatatcattgtcatactgtatagaatgcccgtaaac
agtgtagcccgtagactagttgacgacaaagtttttttttttttcttttcatttagattgtttcatctgt
caaatgaagctctgttctttacttttatttaaagtataggcctaggattgcattactttgcgtacatttt
tatagtttataaagctataaaatgaaagtctcagtttggtgtggagttatcatatgcataaatcatttaa
gtcaatcagcatttgtttgatttgtagattaggctatgcaggctattttagaaatggatcttttataagg
actattattaactgtaattcttcaaatgaagaaaggtttagctatttgttgattgtatttatgatgttgc
cgtgttgagcacactcggagcaagtgaaaaccccaacgcttcgacttccacttcttctttccactgcttc
tttctcaacttgtgcaaatacatgaaggtgtttatgatgcagatccaggacagaggcaatcaccaatagc
gttagtttggcatcaacttgtctgtgtcaaactgtgacaagtcttttcactattttcattatgcttcttt
tatcaaaatatgtctgtaggcacgtgtggttgcacatattataatgagttaacaaatagccctatgtgtt
ggaaaataaaatagtacattttaattgtttaactaataccataaattggttaaaaatgcatcctttcagt
taacggttaaacgattaatatgaatatctctagttttccttctgacccccatatttgaacacatttgttg
aatagagtggtgggattatgatgtcactttgtagacaaaccagcagtcagcatcacgctggttcctttga
caaaaagccaataggcaaatgtaacttatgtggaaaattaaaataatgcattaaatgtttcagacaatca
ctgtttcactcaaatgagtcaaagagaataaaataatctcttagcaaatcttcttgcctcaatcttgtgt
ttctctttctcacttttacaggagttgaatgaagagtcattggtgactgggatcaaatgcagtgcgaaaa
cttccaagtcagggaaagagacagtaagtgaatttaatttccttcttgatgctgaccatgttaaaacctc
aaatcagaaaagattggcacagtatggaaaacacaaataaaaaagaaagtactgatttctaaatttactt
tgatttgtattgaattgcagataatccaacagacattatttaatgtgtttaataaacacatattccaatt
ttggttcttgcaacatatttcaaaaaaagtagtgacaggaggttagggctgtcatcagataaaatggtta
aatgatgtgaagtgaaacaggttaaagaggacacaggtactggactggcctgtctgcagtcccgatctgt
ttctaatagagaatgtgtggtgcatttccaagcataaaatgcaacaacaaagaccccgtactgttgccca
ctttgacttgtttgcagtaagaatggtacaaatttacacatgaaacacttcatcacttgctgtcttcagt
cgctaaacatatttttaagtgttgtaaaaaggaatggcaacattacactatattttattagcaatttcca
tactgtttctgatttgtggttgtagaaggacggttgaccatcattttaggctgtttttcctgggcagttt
ttctcaaaaatgttattgcgatgactctctttgagtacaatatacccctctttgttaatttataataatg
actagtgtattgggggatgggcatgacatggtcatgaattgtgtggacagtttggccttgtgaggacacc
catgttttacacaattgatgaatagagttaggtctgtaatgagttcactgtatagtgtattgggggatgg
gcatgacatggtcatgaaatgtaaggacagtttggccttgtgaggacccctatattttacacaattgatg
aatagagtttggttggttatgagttcactgtatagtgtattgggggatgggcatgacatggccatgaaat
gtaaggacagtttggcccccatgttttacacaattaatgaatagagtttggagtttatgctaaccgtttg
ctctcttgtacaaaaacttaaataacaaatcaaatgaaattgtagatgttgtccatgcatttttcatcca
tttgcttttccctaatgcctgaaattggccaggtaatagtagttcattagttaagtgtagtacttactta
gcaagctttctgacccaatcttgtgcctttccttttcacatttacaggaattatgtgaagagtcatcaat
ggcgaggatcaaatgcagtgcagaaacttccacatcagggaaagagacagtaagtgaatttaatttcctt
cttggtatgagcagagtttctatccaaaactgcaaatataacttattgcaaacaaaataatttcctcttt
gacaatgacaatgttagatgtagaagggttaagtgccattttaggctgtttgtcctgggctgttatctca
aaaacgttgttgtgataactctatttgagtaaaatagacccctttctaatagggatatcaaattccacaa
aatcctgtgatccatgatcatttaaattagcgataaattatcaattaatcattaatcaccactccataaa
cacaatagataaagtttggaatgttttgaagtattaaagaaatcacccaagcattttccatttggagact
tgcagtaattaataccttagttcttataaacagtcatttataacatacataattaatgaatttgttactg
aagaataaaaacaatacacactatgctctttgcataaagatcactgcaaaataagcttagtgcttatttt
atgtataaactataaatataaaaaataaagaaattaagtaatggaacattatatgtaaaaaatctaaatg
tatatacagtagtaggctaggctaaataaaggtgccttaaagcttctgtgaagaacagactatatatgat
aggtgacacaatctcaataaacacttggtgcttgatctcatataggctacattattttaggacattcgat
acgacattgataggatctgttgatgtcaaacttatgtttcctttttaatattaagacatttcctctgtaa
tgctactattatccctcatcaccagtaaaataaccagcctttgtatttcatatattttaaatgtagattt
tcctgccagtttgatgcaggcaaatgaaatttaggcaaatcttacttgttactctttcacctgaactcgc
cacgagtaagatggagaaaatgaaagcacatcagcatagatgaaaattcagatgcttaagacataatctg
taaaataatgacttattataaactttgttagttttaaagtttgtagcaaatataggacagaggtttggga
taaaccaattacagtagagcattaattaaatccttatttttcagggagtgaaacaaatcaaccaatgcaa
caggcatgaacataaatgtacacttcatatatttttcttgaaaaataatgtacatttttgttggtcagtt
atctagaaaataaagaatgaataacatttgtggtgaagtgtttcaaaagaagtactgctattcagaccca
aaacacaatttttttgttaaataaataaatacaataataatataaataaaattcaagtgaaacattctcg
tttcagggaagcctacattaaactgtgttcackgttaatgacaaaataatccattgcgctggccattatg
actttaattcatttcatcaagtaatttaaaagagcaggacagactttacaagctattctgagcactaatt
gtgttcacagattacctagaaagaacaaactcggtctgaaggatgagagaactcagaaactcattgtgag
aatggagaggctcaccgcatgtcgggccgtgatgcacgatttttaaaattagagtctgcatgcaccaatt
cgtgccagtctgtcagatgaaattgcttaaaacaccttaacattttaaagaaactagttaaagtttgcat
aaccaatgattgatcttatccacccgtgacccactcataattaaacatcacatagcctactttttgatta
cctgactcaggaaggcagcacacacatatataaccaatcaaaacagggttatatacatccaccccacaga
acataaactgcacacactcgattatttaatgtgtgaagtcatggacgaatgtctcgcagctcaaatcata
acttatcctttaatgtccatgcttaatcggtcatcgtcaataaggtctgtcgattaaacaggttactgac
aatcaatcgatcagtgagtaactgttagcatccctactctctattaatatataataatgactagtgtttt
gggggatggggatgacatggtcatgaattgtgaggacagtttggccttgtgaggacccccatgttttaac
acaattgatgaatagagtttggtcggttatgagttcactgtatagtgtattgggggatgggcatgacatg
gtcatgaattgtaaggacagtttggccttgtgaggacccctatattttacacaattgataaatagagttt
ggtcggttatatgttggcttattttacatctgacaataagatttttgtccaacatgtacaatagagatgc
acagatcagctgaaatggcacctgaatccgcagcttcatactaattagggttgtgacgatgaggaaattt
ccccaccggttaatcgacatgtgacaacaccggtaatactggtattttttttctgctttttcctcttttc
tttcagttttgcgggaattgccaattcggcgtctattgtttgaatggacgaaaaggaagctacaaaaaaa
aattaaatcactgttattaaacaacacaaaattttattaacataacgaataaaacacaacaatgctacag
gctgaaaaaactggaagttggaaccatacaaataacaaccataaacgcctatattaacagcttagtcctt
agtcctaaaatacattattaaggaatctataggctattgaagaataaaccgaatttgaaatatgatcctt
gcataatgatcacaactcaacaagctggcactcattttatatataaactataaataaaaaaaataataaa
aaatgttaagaaatgaaacattatgtaaaaaaatgtaaagactacaggctaaataaaagcgccttgtcag
agctaaacatcagcgcacacgtgtcagtttacagcttctgtaaagatcaggcagcctatacagatcacac
aatttcaataaacaacatgtaaatgtataaatatttcgataagtattgttatagaatatttataacttat
gatcttgctttttggttatatcggtaccagctttgatctctctttaaagcggcagttacaggcgctgcat
aagggcgtcttacactgtcagtggcggaatacacactgcactggcaagacgttttatttttattttattt
gttgcagatttgcgtgttgttcctttttaaaaaatacattttatttttaaaatctctcaagttaatgttg
tctatcgagtaacataatctccctcggattggagttcggtgcgcagtaagatggaccaacaccaccctgt
aagttaacacactgcatactgtaggtccacagctctggtgtggtatgaattacatgttttaaatgacagc
gagacatgctacatttagtttttattgtaaaatatagattataacccagtacacagtaaaataatatttt
ttaaatggtttgcctattgacggcgtataggctaaccgttaaacttaaataggctgagcatatttttatt
aatatgaaaacacattacaacaaactagccaccctttgattttttttcgtttacgtatatttttatcaaa
cgaaaaatgcaatgaatagtttattttggttttcattttattagaaataatatcatttaaaggctacaca
actcctccatggctccaattgcgttttgacagatatcctagatagactttctggctcaaagacatttatg
cctgttaatttcagcgctgtattttgacagatttcgcaaaggcttcagctattctacctgtcagctggta
ccagcttcagttttgcgacctgactcgttaggcatctgtgtctagatgacagcgagagagatgagatcag
acctcagattcagtaactgagacgtgtggccgcacgtctcagttactttattgcaatttttaatattggc
tcatctaaattaacttttcatttattaaaagccgaaatattgccagacagacgaagcaactttcggtttt
tgaagagagcattctcagtgataaaagacgcgcacacacacacaggttagcctacactcttgtcggccta
ttcattgttgattgttgctcacggctgttgccgcgatagttgctttgtttctctgcagttggcttattaa
tggcgcggcattgctaaatcactcttgttttaataaaaaaaaaaaagataatttattaaacattgtgaga
tgatggttgcgtgatttttaaaatgagattatgcgttgcgtatttatggctattgatcttatctacccgc
gacccgcacatacattagttgaacatcaagtataagtgtgttgaaaatgagtgtataaattagttatgtt
tcctccaactgctgctacctttgtcaggcacagtttgcagattgcctcattaacgtcttcaggttctctt
tttgcatttggtttgaacccaaaatatagccaaacaggcgcttttgcattgcgttttgacacttatccgt
ccgccattctttctgtaaattcgactcctctcgttctcttaatgtgataaatgaagtatgacgcattgta
gctatgttcagatgataattatagagcatgctctcgtcttaagtaaattatttagaattatgtttcccat
ttaattcaaataaatatttaaataaaaaaaaaaaaaacgaatacttaaaaaaaaaaacaaatgtggggac
ggtgtcacggtgaaaatgtcaccggtgtttcgtcttaaaaccggtatcaccgtcaacactgtctatcgtg
gcaagcctaatactaatcatccacccgccaccagttcgcacatatagttttatctgatatatgtatccgc
acccgatcgtcactttaataatttaattctttgttttagacatgatgataggtcaccttggatattaaca
gcagattcattgagctataatctgcacatctctgatagtaaaataatacgttaatcgtaaacgtttttaa
atgaacatttatttataaaaacaaaagtttgtcttaagacaacattttcttcattttcaaataaaacaaa
gtaaaaataagacctttagcttttacagatacaggaacaagataaaaaagggtgccacttcagtctaaac
agcagctaggttatgtttacttggcctttttctttgcactgtgcaaaaacagaatagcatctactgtgcc
tggattcgggagattccgcctcgcctcctaaaagcggctgcagcactgaatgagcgttcgttcgcaccac
gtgttgtaagaatgaacaagattcacctcgcaaggtgctgcagtcgtggaaaaagcgatcttgtttgtcc
cagagcgagagcatattttcctctgataactcttactgaaactttgaacagcaggctactcttgcacttc
atccattattttgggcgtctcacatgatcattctgcaaagcccactctgcttttttgctggtccactgcc
atgtcctgctacatccacccgcaaccgacccgcaattaatcataatgtatgtttttattacccgacacgt
ggattatctgcatcgcccgctgatataaccgcaatctgtgcatcactaatgtacaaattgttttggtatt
gatttgacatttttgcgtcaataaggtttacctgatgtgcacactttttagcctggacatgctttcaatt
taataataactgcagcaactttcaagctgtcaaaaggaagtattcagttagtttttaatttaacaggcat
atcatttcatgatttttttttttgctttacaaattgatgcatgcatataaaagttgtggtatgtttagca
tgtgaattggattttaataaaaactttccctctgtacagtgtcgccatgaagtacacagtgctgttgttt
ccagtttgcattcttgcgatgaatgtagtggtcctatgttaagtagaaaatgaagacttcaacttgcaaa
tgtaagtatttatgtcaccaataattagcgtataaatttacgtgtcatatttttttagtctgtgtacttc
agtacaatatggatttctcatgtaatttctagatatttttttctagttttttttttcttccatcaattca
ctatttgaaagccatatccattttttcacatttgttgtttttaagtaaataaaagattatattaatgaat
aaattagtgtcaaattaacataaccttactaggattaaagaaaatattttaattttaagataaattaaat
tcagtcttataacatgcattaattttacaaaaaactacaaatttagcatagttgtatgttgtcctaagta
aattaaaatattttacagcacagcaaacaccataaattaaataaaacacttttacaggtgctggtcgtat
aattagaatatcttcaagaattttagttattttattcatttcattcaagctgtgaaacttgtataacgta
tacattcattccacacagactgatatatttcaagtgtttatttcttttgattttgatgacaactaaaaac
gagaaatgaaaagtgtgtaaaaaggttaagtattgaagacacctggtgccacactctaatcagctaatta
acgcaaaacagagctcacagagctcttggtccaaacacattaatagagaggcgaagtgaaggaaaagatg
tggtaaaacaagagtgtacaagcaatagggataactgcaccctggagagaattgtgaaacaaagctcatt
caaacatgtgggggaaattcacaaagagtagactgcagctggagtcaatgcttcaagaaccactactcat
agatgtatgcaagacatggctttcagctgtcacattgcttgtgtcaagccactcttgaataacagacagc
atcagaagcatcttgcctggtctaaagactggactgatgctgagtgctccatacttatgctctctgatga
aagtgcatttggcattttctttagaaatcagggtcctagagtcaggaggaagagcggaggggcacacaat
ccacaggtgttgcttgaagtccagtgtaaagtttccacagtcagcgatggtttggggtgccatgtcatct
gctggtgttgctccactgttttctctgaggtccaatgtcaacgcagctctataccaggacgtttgagagc
acttcatgccttctgctgctgaccaactttatggagatgcagatttcaatttccaacaggtacctgtcca
tggcacctgcacacagtgccaaagctactagtaccttcttaaaataaaaatcgcctaccttaaccccata
ggaaatctatgggctattgtgaagaggaatatgcggtatgccagacccaacaatgcagaaaagctgaagg
tcaccatcagagcaacctgagctctcagaaaacttgagcagtgttgaacacagactgatccactccatgc
cactctgcagtcattcatgctaaagcagcccacactaagcattgaccgctgtgcacgctcacacttttca
tcttcatacttttcagttggcaaagatttctaaaaatcctttctttgtattggtctgaagtgatattcta
attttctgagatgctgcatttggggtttcctttagttatcatcaaaatcaaaataaataaaaacttgaaa
tatatcagtctgtgtggaatgaatgtatacattatacaagtttcacagcttgaatgaaattaatgaaata
aatcaactagggatgctcaaaataattgattaaccgttaaccgaaaggctgcgtttgtgaccgattaatg
ctatcagttaaacgattaaaaatattattttatatatttttagtttggctgcataaggggccgattgaat
gcgcctttgcgtcaagaggggcatcttttgcacgcggctcatcccagagcagcagtttgtgttgtcaaga
caactacagagaacttttaaagagcttggtttcccctacattcattcttcaatggcggggaccaaaatgc
atccctccacggctacattaccctttcaaaacattcagtcattgttgttgtttttaatagcggattataa
tcgcaccaaaacgtattaaaaggtaagtgaattataacagcgtaaacttttctgtaaccgtatagtgctg
tgtgctatctgtttaatcctttggcgttacgtgctgactgactgacaggtgcgcgatgcgtgaggccagc
aaacacgcagaagctttcagttaagatgaacacagtttctatagttatactttatttatagataaagtat
gactttgtatataatcaatctatcttgctggagtttaaagctgtttcgctttacttcaggacgcattaac
accgctctgaaggtctaatcgctgttttaagttatccagagctgtatgaatgtaaaaatcttgaatatca
taatattattaaatattacaattgtaacaactcagacagcaacacttatgcacaatcgatacccagctga
ttcagtcgtttcataacatcaccgcgcttcttttcttcctttttccttgtcaacataaaggcagtgagat
gcgccttgtttttggccccttgttcaactgcaagacatgcttaacttgcgggacgacaacgtgtaacccg
tgcctacagacacatttgccaaagaagcaaaatggaagaagaatattgctgtttgatcgagacgtgttga
tgcttaaccagcgctgatgttgactgcgtaataaatgcaacaaataggctttaccttttatttgacagct
tatagagtatgtatgcacattaatgcaatatcatatttaaacaacaaaactgtttacaaaaagtcaacat
atgcgcgcgttgttgttgtctttttatcacgcagcgcgcacttgaaccgcgagagagaggaaaccatata
gcaagacataatctttaaaataatgatttctataaaaatgtaaaaggttttgtgattataataataacag
caaggcattaaataaatgcatattttccgtggagcaagcaatttgaggaagtctgcgatttttatttgac
gaaagaaaaaacatatgattgggaaaaaaactgcctatgccggttattaaaaagaatcagtcagtatttt
tgttttgtaatatgaattaattatttaagtggaaataatttagggcagtcctatttattttattcatttt
atttagtttattctgttcttctgtgctaaacactacaggtgcgtgaaaatgctctattgttatgttctat
tattaatatgctggcatgttaaaataaatcagtattttaaaatgcaatatttaatgtgtcagacacaaaa
tagacacgtcaatttgtttaatataaaattaatagtaatctaaccagttaaccgttaataaccgattaat
gagtggcggatgtcggttagcaaaattaaccgaaatgagcatgcctaaaatcaactttttgaagatattc
caattaaatgaccagcacctgtatttagctgaagaaatacaccagttaggcagcactaaggaactgctct
cttattgagtaggatgcagaaagcttgcactctgattgtaaaataagtctttagtttttttttttttttt
acaatgtcagtaaaaatatgtatttttgtatatttgtgtttttctgttgcagacaccaaatcaaggaaag
ttatgataaaattatggagcacactgaagtggatgcagtcatggaacattttaaaaggacacctcaccac
aaaagcagagcgtgatcaatgcaagatagcagaagacaaagtttttttttccctctccgctgtcgcgacc
agcttgcatggcttgggatcggtagagctacacatcgatgaatttgctcttcagtgtttgaactctcagt
aatgatttaaatcacactgaactgagctaaactgaactgaacttaaacactaaaaactgaactaccctga
tccagttactatgaccatttatgtgaagctgctttgacaccatttacattgtaaaagcgctatacaaata
aagctgaattgaattgaattaaaagaagaatgtcatgtacaccaaggatggcattacagtagggcacaat
gccttttcccccccttagtccttccccttacccctaccccttgttttgcgcgttcacgtcaaggggtagg
gctgtcccaattctctttagcttgaaggcgttgggctaaggggaaggggtgaatagccctttgaacaaag
atttttcaggtccacacttgaaaccaaggggtaaaaaaatttcccacaatacacctgccacagctgcacc
cagaagtaaggagaattttttttttttttatttatttatttatttttatgacaaacaaacatgtttcaat
atattcataaccacgttcatgttttactgtcatagttttcttttttaacgctataatttgcaatctataa
tccataataatcactcctttgcagcagtcccacaacattctgacacttgatgacactggaataccctgcc
agaaaagtctagtgcctgtgatgagctgtttacagtgtctgctatgatgttagtgtggttttcgtgtgtt
tacatagatgaatatggccactgtgtgtatatatacagtacagttacaatcttattgccacattagatca
ttatgataacatgatgtgccttcagtgatttcctcaagataaatatcaaaaaataacacaactgaaataa
ctacagcagtcgcgatcatctgatctcatatgaagcataaaattacgatggcatatgctgtcccaattct
tatgggtacatctgaagcccttccctttaacttttggttgtaggggccaaggggaaggggtaggggtaca
aaaatagaattgggattgggcctaaatcagttttcattttttggttgaactttaaggggcaggaccctta
aaaatgctgtcattaagctgtttttttaagccttgttgaataaatgcatttgagacagtgatttacagtt
actgatttatttatctacctatctatctctccctcagtctgtctgtctgtctatccattagctagtccag
ttaaacaccaactgtcctcatagtccagtgttaataatgtgtgtcggtgtgtatgagtagagtccagtta
aacactaactgtcctcatagtccagtgttggtaatgtgtgtcggtgtgtatgagtaaagtccagttaaac
acttaactgtcctcatagtccagtgttagtaatgtgtgtcggtgtgtatgagtaaagtccagttaaacac
taactgtcctcatagtccagtgttagtaatgtgtgtcggtgtgtatgagtaaagtccagttaaacactaa
ctgtcctcatagtccagtgttagtaatgtgtgtcgtgtgtatgagtaaagtccagttaaacactaactgt
cctcatagtccagtgttgtaatgtgtgtcggtgtgtatgagtaaagtccagttaaacactaactgtcctc
atagtccagtgttagtaatgtgtgtctgtgtgtatgagtaaagtccagttaaacacggaatgtcctcata
atgcaggattgttgctgtgtgtttgtaacactcatggctgtcctcataatgcacgattgagtcagaaacg
cccacttttgccctgtccccacaacgttgtagaatgtcaggtcttaatatttccagactctttcacaata
atgaaattctgaatagacagagttattccccatgcaatatggagaagattcatatattttactaaactgt
aagacaaaaggaaaggtgggtccccatatcccatgatggtacttttttaggaaaaaagtcccaataaacc
acccgtaccagta
>CryptonV-N3_EL	CryptonV	Esox lucius
ctcacacacacacacgcttgttttactatacttgtgaggacttttttgggatcacaattgatttccatta
aaaattccttttctaacccctaaccctaacctaacctaaccctaaccttaacccctaaaaccccattata
accctaaccctaaccttaaccccaagcctaaaaagcaatttatgtaagtgaggaccggcaaaatgtcctc
actagtcatgatttgccatgggttactatactagtgaggacatctggacctcacaagtatagtagtacac
gcgcacgcacacacacacacac
>CryptonV-N4_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
tttgtttttattacatggtggggacctcagcatgatagcacactcacaaagtggggaccaaaaacatagt
ggggaccgatcgcccggtccccactatgttttgcctttaaaagactcagggggcgttgctgatatgccta
gtgcagttttttcactgatccccaccttgaccatttacctgaattgagtgtgtaagtgtgtgtcggcgca
ctgctctatagcggtcctgtagtcggatggcggtactgcaccctgacacacacttacacactctgcctac
tgcacatgcgcaatctcataaatgaatccgactttaatcaacttaattaagatctatcatcaaattattc
gaatttttgggtaagttagaatgtttttcaccatcataatgtaataaaataggttatatgacaaatactt
atgttgcatattttgacagttatcaggtatagttaattaaatgttttaacgaatttcctgggtgttttaa
tcgatgttgtttcaaattacgtattaatataacactgataagacacaaactacagttcggtatgtaattt
aacttgtttacacgagtaaaagttactcgcgctaatgtgctaacgtgctaactgcccggtgctacgtgag
tcagaggccggggtggagtgcatgagccgcggtcagacagtcaccaatcaccgggcggctaaatggatcg
acggaggataaaaccattaaaagatgcggagaaacacatcaccagctccactgacaagacccattcactg
gaaaccgaatatatagaaggttactaaggtatgttttcatagttcttgtatcgtactttttaaatggtta
attgctttaaacatttaacgttaatcctgaaataacactattatatactatttatacgttaatgtagtaa
tatagaggttataattaaaatgtggggctatctggtcctagaaatgtacttaatttattgttctatgacg
tgtagaaacgttttattttagataaataattataataaactccaacttagtgtaaaacatatataaaagt
acataaatgttcactgtgtgtgttttatttatttatttgctgtcaactggtagccttttacaataaggtt
aaattagttaatgctggttaatgcatttactaacatgaacaataaataatactttattacagtatttgtt
catgtttgttaactttagttaatgaaaataaagttgttcattactagttgaacacgcacaatgcattaat
tattgcaatgcattattactggtacaagcatgaatttagatttgaataatgcattagtaaatgttaaact
atgattaataaatgctgtacatgcattgttcattactaggtcatgttagtaagtacattaactaataaaa
cctgattgtaaagtgtgacctgtaaacaattgaagtggaaaaaaagttctttaaaactgtcctaagaaag
aagaacaggtgttcaatagtattagaacaacattgaggaaaggttctgatccacttcaaaaggtttactg
tatttataattcacacacagagaggatgctaatgtgaggtttttgtagtttttgaaccctacacgtttca
ttaaatcttttaggtcagagtttgcgttgtccacatttattaaaggaagttttgtggttgagtacaaatg
atagagcttgtggaagcaaagcatagatgagatattaataaaaatactgtctttatgtttgactttatat
ggtaaaacaagaacaggtggttaagtgttttccccattcaaatgtacatgtatatattatattcattgtg
tttgtattcatgccatagtttagctttttattgctatgagagggcataattaaaatgttgcttgctcttt
tctcttagttttgcagcattgatgccgatcatgaggacgatctgcaccctaactgcactgtcaataagat
cgttgttcagagaaaacctcatttgtgcctttttgcaatcagggatattttctttggagaggaaataacg
tttgactatggcgcatgtgattggccttggagaaaggtttgacattttgatcacttaatacattaatcct
taatacattcagcaaagctaagagttttttaatgttaatatagattaagggtaaatctgttcaaaaataa
agagtttgcatcatccataagagataatgaaatcaatctcttaatatcttcttcttgtcttaatgggtaa
aaaagtttaattaattgggtaatgctttactttaaaggggggttcataagactgtcatgaaagctttata
gtcatgacatgacttatataacaaagctgtttttaaatagctttcattgaaggatgcccatatgactgca
gaagaaaactgctccgacaactctctgatgaggtatgtttattagtattattattattagtagtagtagt
agtagtagtagatgttgttgctgtagtagtgcatttaattgtaattatttaacttagtgtgtgtcctaat
ttatgaacatatgcaatagtgtaacattgtggggaccagaggcatgttagagaagctgtgaaacacactt
agtcctcaatacacacacagtacggtctgacatagtggggaccrggagccctgagtactactgtctaatt
attattttttgttttttatattcagcttttattgaagtatgaccatatgacgagaagaagagaactgctc
tgctccagtaggagacccacaaccctctgatgaggtgtgtttaaatttaataataataataattattatt
attattagtagtagtagtagtagttgttgttgtagtagtagtgcatttaattgtaattatttaacttaat
caaaatctagaaatgaaacagagtgtgtgtcctaattggtgaacgtatgcactagtgtaacattgtgggg
accagaggcatgttagagaagctgtgaaacacacttagtcctgaatacacacacagtacggtctgacata
gtggggaccggaacccttgagtactgctgtctaactaatatatatttttttattttcagcttatattgaa
ggatgaccatatgacagaggaagagaactgctctgctccagtacgtgacccacaactctgatgaggtgtg
tttaatgttgttgttattattattattattagtagtagtagtagtagttgttgttgtagtagtagtgcat
ttaattgtaattatttaacttaatcaaaatctagaaatgaaacagagtgtgtgtcctaattggtgaacat
atgcactagtgtaacattgtggggaccagaggcatgttagagaagctgtgaaacacacttagtcctgaat
acacacacagtacggtctgacatagtggggaccgggacccttgagtactgctgtctaactaatatatatt
tttttatattcagcttttattgaaggatgaccatatgacagaggaagagaactgctctgctccagtacga
gacccacaactctctgatgaggtgtgtttattattgttgttattattattattattaktagtagtagtag
tagttgttgttgtagtagtagtgcatttaattgtaattatttaacttaatcaaaatatagaaatgaaaca
gagtgtgtgtcctaatttatgaacgtatgcactagtgtaacattgtggggaccagaggcatgttagagaa
gctgtgaaacacacttagtcctgaatacacacacagtaaggtctgacatagtggggaccgggacccttga
gtactgctgtctaactaatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatataatatatatat
tttttttttttttattcagcttttattgaaggatggaaggatgaccatatgacagaggaagagaactgct
ctgctccagtaggagacccacaactctgatgaggtgtgtttataataataataataacaattattattat
tattattattattattaatattattagttgtagtagtaatagtagttgttgttgtagtagtggtgtattt
aattgtaattatttaacttaatcaaaatatagaaatgaaacagagtgtgtgtcctaattggtgaacatat
gcactgacattgtggggaccagaggcatgttagagaagctgtgaaacacacttagtcctgaatacacaca
cagtaaggtctgacatagtggggaccgcgacccttgagtactgctgtctaactaatatatatttttttta
tattcagcttttattgaaggatgaccatatgacagaggaagagaactgctctgctccagcacgtgactca
caactctgttattgcatatcagatttaacgaaccgtttactacggatttcatgtaattttgataactgtc
cattaatcagatgtcatcacgctgctgtgccgtcagccaatcgttgtattgctgataatgattttgagga
tcgatagatctgtcacaacacacagtcacaacacctctcagatcagtttaatctgattcgcaaacttttt
tgaagaaccaaattagcctaagatgagttatcaagattaaaagatccaggatctgtaatatattcttaga
ttatttaagcgaggtccgaagaacagacccctggacccttgagtactactgtctaaattatatttttcaa
aataaaaattataaattatatataaaaatatataaaataattttttataaaatatttataaaattatata
taaaatatatatttttaattatatacattggagggataataatattgaccttaaaatggttcataaaaaa
ttaaaactgcttttattctagctgaaataaaacaaataagactttctccagaagaaaaaacaactgtata
tacttttatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatagaaatgattattagaaat
agttattaaaactattatgtttagaaatgtgttgaaaaaaatcttctctccgttaaacagaaattgggga
aataataaacaagctgtctaataattcaggggggctaataattctgacttcaactgtatacattcttaaa
tgttattaatggcagcaattcacacatagattaaggtacatctgaacagtgatttccaataataaaatcc
aaatgtcaaaaaatgccgtttatcgcattttgcaaccaaactcttcatatgtatgtgtgtgttatgactg
tatgactgcagaagagaactgctctgttcccacaactcagtttttctgggacttgaaaacagacgctcag
cagattttaaagggtggaatcttgatcaaatcgtgggtttacacacaaacatgtaatacagtgccagatt
ttctggatgttatatacacatttgtatttgcaaacatataccatattgttttaaatgatgtatttttgtg
tgggtttttacattcagagaaagttacagtggatcgtgattttggaggaggtgaagtccaatctaaaagg
taaaaatattatttatttttctgatcagaatttttcttttttcagaatgtttatttttatcatgatatgt
atgtgctatgtttgaaaactatttttaagctaccatcacacgcttttacccattaaaaagaacaacacaa
aatcaaataaatattttggtaagctttatgcagagaagtcaactctcagacttgatttttactttcagag
tcccctcaagtatcatcaccatggtacagtgtctgtgaagatagtgaagcagacccagcattcacaaaaa
agagaggtatgatcattaaagttaatttgtgactgacttgtgttattgtacaagtccaaatgcacaagct
catttacataacatgtagggtaaaacaggacagaagcacattacttccatgatgatttcagtacagttgc
acttgatgtctcatttcatgttagttaaacaatattgctaaatactttggaaaaatatactaattgcata
tctggttacactttattttgataatttactttactactactactactactaactacaagtaactgcaact
acttgtcaactaacagccattagactgtctgttagaatcaacactgctaatgctctactaaatttatata
agagttagtcatattgtactaattttgagcgtaacctaacagtctgctgtactatttactgagaccaatg
agagttggttttattgaggtaaccttaactgtcagctaatactctacactctaaaattaataaaaataag
taataataatgtgttttgagctaaacttgagctaacagtctgctaatactctactgctctactgataatc
agatgagcgttagtcttattgaacattctaacagtatgcaaatactctaatacataatactttacggtga
gataattaacgtagttgcagagttacgcatagttagaagaatgtctaaactggactatggaataaagtgt
aaccccattaaccagttttgaagttaataggaagtattttttaatccatctccatcttaagtatttttaa
taataggcaagacatatttttctagcattttctatcacaatattaaactaacataacagcacatgttgta
aaaatgactgaacatttatgcaactaaaaccacttttttatattttaaccacccataggtcccataaaga
gaagatcctggagcaaacaggaagtacatgctgtggtgaaagctgaaccattggctctaaaaaccagaga
ttggtcagctttggatttttatattaaaaactgaatctcggctctttagataaaaaatctgaataacact
ttcatagtaactacacactatacatcattagtttagcactaactctacattaatagactttaggaagcag
tttataaatacagcttcaaacgctgtattcttgacttgacttaattgtattttcatgctttgttactgat
tcatttttcattactatattatgtattgcattatttacaaactatttgtatataagagtagttggtggtt
tttaagataattcagaatgagttattaaatgattaataaactattcaaatgaacatttatacatgttata
ttcaggcatatagtaattgtaaccatgtgtgttagtaaatgctataataacacaacttcatgcagttttg
tgacctaaggactgtttatagttgataaatcccttataaatgacaatttaaggctcagtatctaatgaac
aataaatctttgcaatcttattaaaaaaattctgtaaagtttaaacattgcaaaataaaaatacaacatc
atttcaaaacaacacaattaacaatatgacaatattcatttcagtgtttctgtgatgtttgcactgtaca
gtaattttatattttgataagattgcaaagatttatttttcattagatagtttcatttgtgtatcttgaa
attaatgaaaaaaaaaaaaaatatatatatatatatatatatcttctttggccttagtcccgtatgattg
cggggtcggctctttttggaacaagtccttcagttttagacttgtccatatgataacgacttttttacac
cttccggccagcctgtcatatgggcctgtcacactcatacactagggacaatttagccttcccaattcac
ctgtagcatgtctttggactgtgcctttgcacccggaggaaacccacacgaatgcagggagaacatgcaa
acttctcacagaaatgccaactgagccgaggttcaaaccagtgacccagcgaccttcttgctgtgaggcg
acagcactacctaccgcgccactgcttcaccatatatatatatatatatatatatatataaatcactcta
aagctataaatcactcccccttttaatttatttctttttttctgtttagaatatagctgagattttaatt
gtcatttataagggatttataaagcatcaatagtcctcactttacattagctcacaaaactgcatgaagt
tgagttcataaagcatttattattagacagagtaaccattactatatgcctgattaataagatatataaa
tgttgggtaacactataataactgcacacaatgaattatttatgaaacattagcaaatagttagttgaac
gtttgttaagcattaacgctacattaatagacattagtaagcagtttataaattatatttataaatataa
attacaaatattattgacttataagcacaattataatgtgcttaatgattgttttcatacttggtaaata
atgcaatacttaatttagtaatgaaaaatacatcattaacaaaccagatatttaaaagtagttggtgttt
ttttttttagataattcagaatgtgcaagtaaatgattaataaactattcaaaataacattgataattct
tattattcaggcatataataagttgtttagtatgttaataaatgctttatgaactcaacttcatgcagtt
ttgtgatctaatctaaagcgagggctattcatgctttataaatccattataaatgacaatataaggctca
gttacattatatacaggaaaaaaatgactattaatttctacttattacaagatgctcaaatgaaactgta
tcaaatgaaaagtaaatcattgcaatcttgtctaaatataaaattgctttacacgtaatgtattgttaaa
ttattatattgttgttttatcaaatgatgttgtatttcgacactcctgttattcagcaatgtttaaaatt
tacagtaattgtatttgtttaggtacgattgcaaatacttattgtttatttgatactgagcctggcaacg
cagtggcacagtaggtagtgctgtcacctcacagcaagaaggtcgctggttcgagccctggctgggtcag
ttggcatttctgtgtaaagtttgcatgttctccctgtgttggtgtgggtttcctccaggtgctcctacat
gcggtacaggtgaattgggtagcctaaaatggtccgtagtaaatgagcgtgaatgagtgtgtatgtgtat
ggatgtgtcccagggatgggttgcagctggaagggcatccgctgcataaaaacgtgctggataagttggt
ggttcaatccgctgttgcgaccccggattaataaagagagaaaaccaaaatgaaaataaatgaataaatg
aatgattctgagcctttaattgtcatttataagggatttataaagcatcaatattcctcactttagatta
gatcacaaaactgcatgaagttgagttaataaagcattatttaacatgcagaaaaacgtattatatgcag
ggctccaaaccggttcaaggaacggaaacgaaaaacagaatcaaatgacatttttcaggaacagaaacga
aaaccgaaaaaaaaagatcaactttaatcgttctgaacagaaatgtttacagttaaacggttaataatgt
tattttatcgttctctttattatatgaatttgggagacaaaaagcattaatttaaagcatgtgaacaaat
gcgacggtgacgctcgtttttatataaactataaatgtctggccgtgatgcgtatttaggcctatgccag
tctataaaaagataatgtagcttaaaacactttaaaattttagagaacgtaatacagtttgcacaaccaa
tgtttggtcttaataacctgcccataattaaacgtcatgtagcctactttttgattacttgaccagcgga
ttaatggcagcaccagcggataaacgagatctgagcataataggtatgaccaatatgtgcataaccaata
tgcaaagtcaagagagtgcacgactccctaaaatagggtaacgtagcctaaactgcgcacacttgattat
gtaatgtgtgaaatcgtggacgcatctcaaagagcaaagcataacttattaaatgcccatgcttaatcgg
tcatcgataaggtctatcggttttaaagggttaccgacaataaatcaatcgagtaatcgttagcatccct
agtttaatcaatgaatgtgttaaattttatatttatattaaagatgaataaggcaagaatatgataatga
tactttttagatttttacacctacaaaaatatcttgtggtagtgcacttgtttaataaaaatctttgtaa
ataggttatctgtaaaaaacgcaatcagagccaatgacatgtagaagtagtgttgcctaaacggctatta
aatttctaataaaattaaaaccaaagtataactcattgcatttttcgtttgataaaaatatacagaaacg
aaataaaatcataaggatgctagtttgtaatttatgttaataataataaaatgacatgcttagactataa
gcttaacggctatacgctgccaataggccattaataaatattattttactttgtactggattataatgta
tattttacaataaaaactaaatatagcatgtcttactgtcatttaaaacaagtaattcaaaatacacatc
agaactgtagacctgcagtgggtaaactgtatacagggggtgttggtcaatcaatagcctacagcacata
attgaactaattatgatgctaactgtaatttagctcttaatataggcctacgatatattttctggtgttt
aattttgcatgagcaaatagcagtatagcctaaagtaaattttttaaaaagattatcatttaccctacct
gcagcacatgtgagaggtggatctgcagcaaattcacttacacactaggctatatctatttaatttataa
caatgtaaacttgacttcgcaggccgttcatctttaaacacaaaaggcatttttaagtgtcctaacttga
ctgctgctgcatgaatgggatgtttctttacaaaactgtaaaagtgcgctttagcatgtcaaaatgaaag
caaacgttcaaaagagttctgtgttttgtcaattttactaatattaataataatggatataataaattta
aataataattgcactgtgcagtgtactaaatatttttattagkttggctaactgaaaaactatttcataa
caattttcataatttttattgctatttcatattatacaacatctaaatgtagcgccgggcctgcgctcga
taccaaggagtggggctgtgtgtagcacctttaaacagcgtgtcaatcaataaccaaaagcaagttcata
ttataaatatatctttaatgatacttattgaaaattcatttaatcttacccctcgtatagattttttagt
tgcaccattaaaaaaacagagcactctagagccctgcaatactttgtaattaaataaagttttttttttt
tttttttctagaaaactgttttcggaatattttgtctattaagcaacgcaagaacagaaccgaaaaaata
taaattctgcttagagtgaaccgattggattttcttttttttctttttttttttttttagccctgattat
atgcctgaatagtaaatgtataaatgttcatttatatagttttttaatcatttatttactcattcttaat
gatcttaaaaaacaccaattattcttagacagtttgtaaataatgcaatacttcatttagtaatgaaaaa
tgaattataaacaaagtatgaaaacacaaaaattgagcacattacacatgcttataagtcaacaatagag
catctagctgtgtttataaactgcttactattaatgtagagttaatgcttaacaaatgatgtctatttgg
agttttggtggcttggttatatgatgaaggtctctgtgcatttgtggggttcagttctttataaatatat
ttttaaatatttttaatgttttttttttttcaaatagttaaaatacgacagaaacagaaatagaacatac
tggtgggttttaagagtttacccaaaaatgtacattatattattaattacttgccctcatctcactctaa
tcccctgagaccttcattcatcttcagactcaaaggaagataacttagatgaagtgcaagaactcctcat
cctccatagacagcaagggattgaaacaatatgaaggagaggaattaataacagaatcttcattttgggg
tgaactaaccgtttaatattgtttgctattgcacttaactaaatgtgtatgcagacatggaagagttatg
tggaagcttgttatacccaatgagaactgcttttagacatgcaagagagtttcatggattttgtgtttac
tgttttttttgtgtttaaaggttttgtggaaattatttataataaatataacatttattaaatctattct
ggaccatttcctgtttggatcttgaggttccttctgtattcaaattacattttttataaactgacctgct
cttcaaatgaaaattctaaagcagtttactgtcaaattacttgattgaggtttaaaatttaatattagta
agggtgctgatctgatccccacgttgcctaaaaaccggtaatgtgtgtgtagaactggtccttactttga
ctaaaaaacggtaatgtgtgtgtagatctggtccttactttgactcaaaaccagtgatgtgtgtgtagat
ctggtccttactttgactcaataccagtaatgtgtgtgtagacctggtccttactttgactcaataccrg
taatgtgtgtgtagacctggtccttactttgactcaataccggtaatgtgtgtgtagacctggtccttac
tttgactcaataccggtaatgtgtgtgtagacctggtccttactttgactcaataccagtaatgtgtgtg
tagacctggtccttactttgactcaataccggtaatgtgtgtgtagatctggtccttactttgactcaat
accagtaatgtgtgtgtagacctggtccttactttgactcaataccggtaatgtgtgtgtagacctggtc
cttactttgactcaataccggtaatgtgtgtgtagatctggtccttactttgactcaataccagtaatgt
gtgtgtagatctggtccttactttgactcaataccagtaatgtgtgtgtagacctggtccctactttgac
tcaataccggtaatgtgtatctggaactggtccttactttgtctcaaaaccagtaaagtgtgtgtagaat
tggtccccactttgtctaaaaatcggttgtgtatgtggcggaccccacttctacacaaaacctgaaatgt
ccccacaagtgaccactgtgtcaggtctaaaaaaaaatttgcggaatatccaaaatctgaagtgatttta
tgaaatagtttgtgtttttgtgtggcaaactattttttttatgtctctaacatcatcagaaagggcggtc
cccattacgtaaccaccgtgacaggtgacccccacaatgcacaaaaacaagta
>CryptonV-N5_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
tacttgcttatgtccaaaatgaggactttcgccagagtacacaccagtaaaatgaggaccaccttgacaa
atgaggactttttcttggtcctcatttgtctgaccatatagcagtattcagcatgcttcaaaatggtgtc
ctggcttaaaatctcacttgtcctcaaaatgcacttttacatgatttgtgtatctaagtgtgtatccccc
caccccaaaagtgtgtataacacagcgccctctaggagaactgcaatgacgcaatgatacacacttttgg
gatctggccaatcagaaagatacaaggaggatgtcacgccccctattgatctgacgaatcagaggcgaag
tgcgtaaaaataaagatggcggcagcaagttactatggttacttcacagaataaaagagacagtatgaat
aaaattgcactttaattagtatttaaatgaaaatgaccaaactgcgtcaagaaagccttatatttggtgt
ccttaagcacggtactttattctaggtttgaatcgtactgtttctgcgcagatcgcgttgtatccccgag
ggaacggataacacggaagtaagttacagtatgtaacttagtttaggcggtacagtagcagatccgagaa
atactgtggcataatagcgcgaaacggcccgcgagagcgacacgcaacagaatcaaaygttttcctggtt
tgtgtgttctttgaactgtctgtctgtcctacactgtcagcgaccgcaccgcgcacctcccccgcccgca
gctacgctccctccggctacaaagagctcagctgcccgggaacgaaaggaggagaggagctccgagtcca
accgggaggaaattaggcggaatataatatataatttgatgtatatccgtgtataataaatggtatcatc
acttggaaactttttgtatacatgtttaactttttttccagagttctgtttatctaaataacatgttaat
aagtatttgtttaagttaagaaagctaaaatgccaggtttaaatcatttttctaaagaatgaaaagtgta
ttatttatatttcctttgcactgagatttacatatattataaatagtatgagtgaataaatttcttattg
agtaatttaattacattttagataaagataaatataatcagtgatgggagtatagtccaaaataatcagt
taacttactgtaacgaaatcacaaagtgaatatatattttttctaaaacttaaaaaatgtaaaaaaaata
aaataaaataagaaatacttcaagcctgtttatttcattcaaatgtaaacaatgaattaagacatttgcc
agttctgtgtataatatatagttaaatcacttggaaactttttatatgtttaactttttccagagttctg
tttgttatctaaataacatgttgataataaagtatttgtttaagttaggaaagctaaaaggccaggttta
aattatatttaaagaataaaaagtgtttgatttatatttcctatgcactgagatttatagagattctgat
agtattgagtgaagtgattacatttcttcttgagtaatttaattacattttagatatggtagaaaagcaa
tttacagccttttttaaatgctcagacactaaacgtgaaaactgacacagactcactgaaactcttcact
cttaccttattaacaccaattctacaaaactacaagtccattgctgtagtgtatttgtggatatttgttt
gtgtgttcagttactagtttcaagaaatattgataagtattctggaagagctgtaaatacaactttaatg
ttgtagtaattcattactttttttaaatcgtttacccaacactgataataataatgtattaatactacat
gcatttgatatttttcagccaaattcttaatggaataaagccatggtctttctgtaataacttaagttca
ggcagtttcagacactctttacacaaaagtctaaacagatgtgtgtccactataacagatttgcactgtg
atgctcttgttacaaaacaccamacaaaaagagtgacagttaaaaacaaataaaacacttggaatgatac
gatagctgtatgaatgtgtgccagttctgtattatttttttcacagctgcatgtgcaaaatatgagccag
aatagacacaggtgttacaaatttagatatgaacaatggcgacaacctaaaaagagggaaggaaaagaag
gaggagaaggaggatgaggaggatgaaagagcctgatcagcctggtcagagggtaggcctcagactgagc
tctgtatgaagacagtcagtctctcattgacagaagttttagttgccttgctttgcattcactgtttcta
ttaaacttgtgctttttgcataatgagagtgctgaatacacagatattgtgatttcacctagtggaacat
gttcttggatcaacatctcacatgtgtgaaactcttcctggaaggctacaggtcacagttcagctttact
tcaatgaaacacccctgatcaaactaattgagtcctccaggcttgtttgaaacagacattataatagata
gctagatgccccattaacaagccttgatatcacttttatgaacttgaaaagtakaactttattataacta
attcattgtttggtacaacaactataccgttttaccatgaagagtttttactgtgggacagctatttaga
gccatttatacactatatgcattacaaaaaactaaactcataacaaaattaattatgggatgttgatctc
tgctctgtccacttttttgatgttgaaaattcaactctacagtttaacaaagtgacttttattgacattt
cagtatttgaatgataaagtgtataagaaataatatctagagaaatacgtctgtaaaataacaggaaatg
tactggcagcttattacaagctagtttaaattggatatacaacaccaacccagacaatagatcactttaa
accaggggtgtccaaacttggttatggagggccataatcctgctgaatttagctccaacagacctgccag
gaagtttttttttttttttttttgacaccataaaattataatcagttaagaaaatatactgttcttatat
tttatatcaggcaaaacagcagctcctctgttcagttgcctctgtttatagcgcagtcataaccggatta
acctcgttgacttatcggaacaacggactgaagcggaccatgaggcgtttagctttctattataatgtct
atggtttgaaacctaaaggtttgttgaagcaggctgggaactaaactgtgcagggctgtggccctccagg
aactgagtttgacacccttgacctgttgaacctggaacaacatttctattagtcaatcagattgatgaat
aagttcacattttatgttaaggttgatttacattgagggttacatgcttctacatcattgttgtacgact
aatcatcctctctgatattgagaataatttacagttatggctaggtttatgccgacaagaagttgtctaa
cagcaagaaggtcgctggttcgagtgtcatctgggccagttggcatttctgtgtggagtttgcatgttct
ccccgtgtcggcgtaggtttcctccacagtccaaacccatgcgctatagtggtactgatcaactacatta
gcagtagtgtattagtgtgagtgaaaatgatgggcccactgtatgaaacatatgccagagtagttacagg
ttcattctgctgtggcgacccctgataaattagtaactatgctgaaggatagtgagtgagtgaatgagtg
agtgagtgaggtttaggggtagggattaagcagtggcgtagcggatgggcccgctgtatgaaacatgcca
gagtagttagcggttcattccgctgtggcgacccctgataaatcagtaactatgctgaaggacagtgagt
gagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgaggtttaggggtagggattaa
gcagtggcgtagcggatgggcccgctgtatgaaacatatgccagagtagttagcggttcattccgctgtg
gcgacccctgataaatcagtaactatgctgaaggacagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgag
tgagtgaggtttaggggtagggattatgcagtggcgtagcggatgggcctgctgtaggaaacatatgtca
gagtagttagcagttcattccactgtggcgacccctgataaatcagtaactatgctgaaggatagtgagt
gagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgaggtttaggggtagggattatgcagtggcgtagcaaatgggcccg
ctgtatgaaacatgccagagtagttagcggttcattccgctgtggcgacccctgatgaataagtaactat
gctgaaggatagtgagtgagtgtgtgagttaggtttaggggtagggattaggcagtggcgtagcggatgg
gcccgctgtatgaaacatatgccagagtagttagaggttcattctgctgtggcgacccctgataaatcag
taactatgctgaaggacagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgaggtttaggggtaggga
ttaagcagtggcgtagcaaatgggcccgctgtataaaacatgtcagagtagttagtggttcattccgctg
tggcgacccctgataaatcagtaactatgctgaargwsagtgagtgagtgagtgaggtttaggggtaggg
attaggcagtgacgtagcggatgggcccgctgtgtgaaacatatgccagagtagttagcggttcattctg
ctgtggtgacccctgataaatcagtaacttatctgaaggatagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgaggtt
taggggtagggattaggcagtggcgtagcaaatgggcccgctgtataaaacatgtcagagtagttagtgg
ttcattccgctgtggcgacccctgataaatcagtagctatgctgaaggacagtgagtgagtgaggtttag
gggtagggattaggcagtggcgtagcggaagggccaactgtatgaaacatgtgccagaatagttagcggt
tcatttcgctgtggcgacccctgataaattagtaactatgctgaaggayagtgagtgagtgagtgagtga
ggtaggtttaggggtagggattaggcagtggcgtagcggatgggcccgctgtaggaaaaatatgtcatag
tagttagcggttcattctgctgtggcgacccctgataaattagtaactatgctgaaggacagtgagtgag
tgagtsagtgagtgaggtttaggggtagggattaggcagtggtgtagcagatgggcctgctgtaggaaac
atgccagagtagttagcagttcattccgctgtggcgacccctgataaatcagtaactatgctgaaggata
ctgagtgagtgagtgaatgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagtgagttactagagattgattt
tatcactggtgatactgtgtcaaaccagttctggaagctcaaattagtacgatcagatgtgtttagaggt
taaattgagggtctgctgtcccctcacttttatttacttaaaaaacctataataaaaatgtgtatgtgat
ctatcaagcatgtagtttgtatttcatttttttactatataagttggcagttcattccgctgtggcgacc
ccatgaatgaatgaatgaatgaatatatatagtaaaaaaaaagaaatacaaactacatgcttgatagatc
aggaatccctgtttttatatcagttgtttattattaataaataaatagataataaataaagaaatgtatt
aatttgtttggagattaaatttaagtgcattgttatcaaagaaatcgggttttctaaaaaaaaagtcaaa
tgaaaagagcatgtttaatgtgaaacaaatatgtgaaaacttcaacacgtggatgcatacatttagcaaa
ctccaagttgaagtgtgttacctgctgcagttcccctcccccacccctctgttcgtgtgtatgtgtgtgt
gtgtgtttgtgttttaagcacccatcccccactgtcaactcacagaagcctcaagagagctgccctgggg
tagactacgactataacaataatattaaattagtttgtaaatgtaattcaagtttacaacacctatcagg
tttcccctcacttttattttacttaaaaaaaaaaataaataaatatatatatatagtaataaaaacatgt
ttgatggatcaggaagcatgttgaaaacatgccttaagattgtgttaaaacgctaaraatctctgttttt
atatcaattgtttttattaattaataaattatatatatatatatataatttatttatttgtttggagatt
aaagtgcaccatcaaagaaatcggattttctaaaaaaaaaagtcaaatgaaaagagcatgtttaatgtga
aacaaatatgtgaaaacttcaacacgtggatgcatacatttagcaaactccaagttgaagtgtgttacct
gctgcagctcccctcccccacccctctgttcgtgtgtatgtgtgtgtgtgtgtcttgagcacccatcccc
cactgtcaactcacagacgcctcgtgagagctgccctggggtagagactataggtgcgttctgaagctca
gctgcarccggtgatcaacgagattagccgagcgcaggcggggcggagttgaaaacggagccgtaagacg
gacagctrgacacttagggactcatgtgcagtcatgatgaccgtggcgtcatcatattttyytgttattt
ktatttataacaacaaaacatttcaaatrarwcagaatacaggytcttcaarctgtagttcctttttaaa
caataaggaattatgaataaaatatataccaamtgcatgagagaaataagaggragtgagaggttaatat
aaacataaaaacacaggttcgttttcaaattctaggagttaaaatcaatatytakgctaatacatcgtgt
ttgaatctgctaaawgagggtttacatatatgtacatttatagatataaaaattwccyatgtaaaaagca
aaacaaggtgttttgattaggtcttaataratgacattattttatgatgaatgarttagcattttaatcc
aaaaaggctgtggtgaaaagaacaaaaggtaaaataagtgaactatgtagaagtttcccagaaagagcag
gtagcctttaaaytgctagatagamaataaaatatatatttatattattataataaagccakttyatgat
tatttaataaaatagttctttactttaatttgttwagagagctttargtgggcaggatcaatgatgatga
ttttcttatttcaattyaattcaattcaattcagctttattgtatagcgttttacaatgtagattgtgtc
aaagcatcttcacatmaatgtcatagtaattggaacatgtggttcaggttttagtgtttaagttcarttc
agttcagtttmgctcagttcgtgtgayttaatcatkactgagagttcatgaattcatcaatgcgagctct
accaatcccccagtggcgacggaaaaaaaacttcacaaaaaaagccttgagagarccagactcagttggg
cacgaccattwtaatttctcaaaagtctgtaagtgtaatacaagtctgyaagacttatttgagttcatat
ttaggttattcactaaaatgtacactaaaatatatcatttaaatcgttcatggagatgaatgcagtaaat
agtctgtataaaaaaagttaaaaaattgtgcaaacaagctaaataaccagattttttaacaaaagatgat
aytgcagtaaaatatttgtatgcaagatgtktacaggataggagggttgaaaagtgcattgtttgttttg
aaactgaatcggaatttgtccaattawaaacccaaaakacacgtgywtgttgtcatgtggtgaactccaa
tcgtgtaatatgtgtcgtcatcaaagctcctgcagtcgctcttyagaagctgcacggtytgagtttgccr
tctgatcyyggagcgctgtcgcrgyactttgatgcatgtgcaygtggcgtcggcgcagcatcaatccccc
accgtyaagacagactcctcgtgagygctgcctggagtcgacactatgactatgatgacgacgacaatat
aaaattagtttgttaacgtaattctagtctacaacacctatcaggtttcccctcactttttttttacttt
aaaaatatatatatatatttttattttataattattttttattatatatatatatatatatatatatata
tatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatttatttatttacttatttggagattaaattaaagtgcac
cataatcaaagaaaatcaggttttctaaaaaaaaaaaaagtcaaatgaaaagagcatgttcaacataaaa
caaatatgtgaacacttcaacacgtggatgcatacattttgcaaactccaagttgaacctgctgcagttt
ccctcccccacccctctgttcgtgtgtatgtgtgtgtgtgtgttaagcacacatccctcacagcgcctca
ttcaactcatgaacgcgcggcatttgcaaacacgtgctaatgacgcaatcaattggagacgccttttccc
gcgaactcatctcatctctcctgggagagcaggtaaatcaatttatgtatttaaatgcataattactgct
tacacgacaaaacattgcctttgtaagatgtatgtttagtgcttatattcctttgtcgattatatttgtt
gaaatgtatttaatagcaatgttagctgtatactgtttaacacactacatttctgttgatcaaaatagtg
cttgcgtgtgcttgtgtggttgccccaaaaataaaatctttattttttgtttaatatggtgattatttta
aattactttaagtaaataagccttttaatgatgttaattagcttgcccaaacgcacagaacattatatat
atatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatataa
cgtctttattatatcaaagtatatataattttgaggtgtgtaaagttacaaaaacatgaaaatggttcat
gtgggtctagccctgttttcagtctaaataacaatgtatttatagctttgtttaacgaatataggaaaat
taatcttggatgtgatttacatcctacctattctgtttttaattacattatgatttaatttctgatttaa
atttttagatagaagtacattactagatctatgtgaaatcatttgggttcagcagaacaatagacaatat
ataaaatgtattatgctattattattatgttatttattagcataatataatttattatatttattttttc
gtaaagtctttataggaaacatgccctttgtcttcatgctgggattaagaaaaaacagaaagcgtaaaat
acctcaagaggatgcagaacattacatttgttgtaaaagtgacaaacctgcaagtgcaattcatcaacaa
ttacaaaggtaagttatactcacaaacactctatctctctgtctatatctctctatgcagtggttcaata
tagaatgataatgaacatgtacaatattgacatcatgggaactcaaaatacattgaataattatttatta
tgtaaacttttacagttctttttagtaaaatccatgttgtgttgcagtggtattgttaacagtgcaacat
tctaagagacttaattgtttttcaataatattttcaagttcatctggcctactacaggttgaaatattaa
ctgaaactgttactaaaatttaaaatatttataggtcagttgtactgtacattaactctgtgcaagaagg
cttcaatagtaaacattagttaattaaaagtattggtaaagtttaatgttaatcttaggtgatgatmatt
tcttaatgctgatgtatgtgttaaaattatagtaatctgattacaatcgttttactaaagttagtcgttt
tactaaatggggataataactaataatattcagttgtattattttatcctatattagcacagtaactgta
atgaatctggctttttttctcaccgttgactttaatccattaattttattttaaagtgttacctgttgta
ctttatcatacttttgcaattaaattgggttgaaacatttattaactctgaacatgtgtatatacaacaa
agcactacattaattatttttgctattataattgttaaagtaaccaatgcaaaccatacacacacttaaa
ttagtttttaatgtatctgtaatgttgtaaaatattttacagattaccagacttttaattttcagccagg
cactccaatggcttccaatgacatctttccatttcaaaattgtcacgtttaagatctgatttctttaaaa
atcagtaatcttcactacctgttatatttatgatatgaagtgggtttcagatcggacaagaagcactgca
ttaaagtccatttccccccgccatgtctttaaaatatgacagtttttttaccctgtattttggttgttgc
tagatcagatatggttgcagccgaaagttaacgaaaactatttatattatttcttaaatttcacatttgt
tgtattttattaacgtctatccccaccccaaccctaaatccaactgtcacagtaacgtaaaaacagtagt
tgtattgagtattatttatgctgctatctattaaaatacccaatacattttattttttaaagcctacctt
caccccaaccttaaacccaaccgtcacagtactgtaaaaatattcattattgttatatattatacagtgt
cataaaaatgctgctatatggatgtgcatagcacataccagccggccacgtattcgatttagactttacc
cagtattttcaatggaatttctgcgctagccttttgctatactgacggcgctagtggttataccatcgtt
catctaattttacgcttgaacaactaaatgaatgctttagtctgtttaactgaatgtattgtaatwacat
tacaacattgatgatgtacaaacaactttgtgaaattgaaaatatccacattaagctatcaccggaagtt
tatcgttggctttaaaactctagctgtgcagagagcccattgtgcataaacaattttgttccaaatcccc
gttaatatctaatctttgtgctaacaaacaatagcgaacacagttgggcaagttacttccaaaatgwaat
gcattacagtatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatat
atattaaaagttactgccatttctttttttgtaattggttacatgacaatattaatatctcagaaatgca
ttacactacttttgtattacttttaggttactttaaccaaaatacccacagaagtacgactctaatgaat
taaagtattaattttcaatagtatgtctatgttttcaaatacatttagctatatattgtaattattcaga
gaaatttttgtttgcacaaggagtctgacaacagccagtgctccacacagagatctgatcatttatttga
catattttcttttaaatatatattcatagtgcttcatcttttacacatttatatatatatgactgtgtaa
ccttaatcacttctggggatggggactttttacagtaaaaggtagcaattttattttatccaataaatgc
attgataatatccacagatttttaaatagtcaatcaaatgaacttaaactattaaaattgcaacaaacat
ttgttttggcccaaactacaaaaacaaacaaatttaaaactagtttaaacacactggtttaatcatctat
acatgtcattataactatattgtataaatattatttcaaagacctacatcatgctaacaattaaaagctg
aatgacatgacataacaggcgattgccctctgagtgcacctgaaaagacatgaatgacacttctcataaa
gcttgagaagcatacaggacaagtagaacaattagttcaaataaaaacacaaaagtctgtagaatttaat
gcaaactcaaaaaatgcaattatgaaccaatgataattaattttcaacaaactgcagctaatgaacgtct
tttgtttaggaggatgagttttcaccactgaagctttattcagaggggattttgttcttgagtacaagtt
tgggtggtgagtatgattagccgaaaggttattaaatatgtttagatgtggttaaataaatgagcaaata
agcaaacataacactgccgtgcccctatgccagggatcaccaaacttgttcttggagggccggtgttctg
ctgattttagctctaacccaaatcaaacacacctgaacaagctaaacaaggtcttactaggtatacttga
aacacccaggcaggtgtgttaaggcaagttggagctaaaccctgcagggcactggacctctagaaataag
attggtgacccctggcctatgctatagtatcatgataggtgatctcaaaggtggatgatatgaaaattgt
gtatcacccaacaataatgtccaagcactgcacaactctgaacaagttcgacccacgcatgtgcaaggca
ggcaattctgtaatctatcagcttaaatatatcggccatattttgatatcagactgatgaccataacatt
aaaaaaatagcatttatcggctgatattgatatggccgataatatattatgcgtctcaaaatttaagtat
ttctgattctgatcattctgattacaatcagttcccatatttgattgcaatttcataaaaaatgttcctc
acagacataaaaaatattttacaggaattgagaagtgaaatgtaaattaacacttctaatcaaatctgta
gtttttagtgaaataattagcaagttttaaaatagaattaattctcgatactattgttaacacctctttg
aagatggtcacagaaaaaaaaatagtacatcttaaatgtataaactttaaaaattgtttgtattttatgc
ttagtgattgttttatgttttacagcatggatgcatcgaaagaagatgggtctttagggagacttgtaaa
tgatgaccacaaagctcctaactgcaaaatgaaaatcatatctttgctgtgtgcaacatacttccaggag
aagatataacctacaattatggagattctggttatggtgagtaggggtcagtagtatgagtctacagaaa
tcagtaggttcacttaccaattgtctatattatgaaacataaaattcaaccataattatacggatgcttt
attctgtaatattgacagtcaaaatagcaatactgactgacatgtataagtagaaagtctggtcagaagg
aatatacagggtttccgcggggtcttaaaaattctaaaattaaaaaaatcgaaatttaaggccttcaaaa
gtcctaaattcactgttctaagtctaaaatatttttgcacaggtcttatttttgcgatgtccatgtaacg
ctacatctaaaactcatttaaattctttttttgttgttgttgctaggttttcagggtgttgtagttcttt
atttcactagtccaattgtaatttgcgttattacaactacaaataagaccgacatgccctataccgacaa
ttgccaatcagctttctgttattgaactcagtgcgcgcggtaaatgtgatgtcatcactgtgtttatgga
ggtctgccagccgcgacatgattttggctggcagagctcacaaaatgttttttcagttcgtgcggtgtca
aatttgatttgaattgaatatgaaacactttgaagagattttgtctgaaacaggtatgactgtacacaca
tagggctggacaataattcgatatcaatatatatcgcgatagatttttttcaataacagtgatgattttt
aaacccatttccggtatttcgatatacatttgcatacatctgttttattatagataagatcttatacctt
gtatcatttgtcactgaatgactttttcgtgctcagaatgagcgtgatgtcacttgcgtgatgacgtaca
tcacagacacgctgccactgccagcgctcagaagttagttaagctgctccgtcgcagaatgctacaaaat
gctacaaaatgtgtgccctgaatactgatgtgaatgaacaagcttccacaactaagaatgcagacaaatt
agttgatgagagaggaaagacgaatgcagtggtgtggaagtgattcagctttttaagtttcgataaacgt
ttagtttcggtgctctgcaaaatgtgcggtagagtggtgccgagtctgccgactaacagcggaaacacat
caaatctgttccacccgatagaacatactgagagtcagaagcaatgacagaagatgaggcatcatttaag
tttaagtcaacctgtcgcctcaccatccaccttcccgacacagatggctatgaggcaccgtgtaggatct
aaataaaactttgcttatcaacacgagcatataaattactcgcatataaacctatactatgttcaaaaca
tgtatgaaacttgcgcatatataaacttgatgcatgcccattgatacacccattgatacacccattaggg
ctggacaatgattcgatatcaatatatatcgctatagaattgttttcagtaacgtgatatgagttttaaa
ctcatttccggtatttcgatataaatttgcatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatataaaata
attatatttttaagatcttatagattgcatgattgcatcatttgtcactgagtgacggtcagtgctcagc
catcagaaagagcatgatgtacgtcatcacgcatgtgacatcacagacacgctgccagcgcttagcacag
cagttggttagctacgtcgcagaaagtttgccctgaagtgtgccctgaatacagatgtgaatgaacaagc
tatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatatata
tatatttgcacagggcttgacattaacttttttgatcaccagccactgtggctagtagatttccaacttt
actagccactctgcattttcactatccacaattttgttgttggaaaaatatattttatatgcataagttt
gacgttgacatgctaaaattacttgatttaaattttgtgttatgtccacacgtgttctcaatcatttcac
tttttgtgtgtcgagtatgagcttgctcaatgagcatgagcaaaggagtcatggtttcatagtgtttgca
cgactagcatgactttttttagagctcaaaattaacggtttaccaaatttatctctataaccatacaaaa
caataattatttcttagacacaaatgtttaatgtgtcaaaacaagcaaaatatagctgtatactatactt
tttatttaataaaacatttcttaaaaaagaaagaaaagcaattgacttttaaaaaaataactattgtcat
gtatcaaaaatatttacagtaatctgtcgtggctaatgatcatcctctcatttggtattcacttgctttc
ttctgctcacgtgatcacaattattttacttctcgattctaagatcacatttgcacgcatattgggtcat
ccttatattgtcgaaccctgcttttaggaaaactacaaaattgaaaaaaaattattttcaaccaggcaaa
gtggcttgtgggagtgactgtctaacacgccaaagctgaaatctacctgaatttggcgtgttgccgggtg
ttaatgtaaagccctgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtatatatatatatatatatatatatatatata
tatatatatatatattatgtcatatatatatatatatgtctgtttgtaaaggctaaatacaaaaaagaga
gtgaacatttgaaaaagttaacaagtaaaatttttttaaacctttttattaaaagaaaagttataagagc
ctggaggtattatagactttgcaaattcagtttgcagatatttgtaggtacagacatctattgtgtgcgt
tcttggcagtttttttatgtctttttaatattgtccatatcgatatcggaattatatcatatcgaccgaa
attaagaagtatatcgtgatataaatttttgtcatatcatccagccctatacacacatcttctttatgat
cagtccatgcgtgatcatagggagaagtagaaccagatgaccaatactttttggctagaaattgcaacag
cagtgggaaaggaggacagtttttgtaaaagtttggaaaaacctgagggataagtttgtttaaaaaaaga
ggccatgcaaaagtgtagacccagttggttttaatattacagaatatgtttttccatcatgcataggttt
tacactaatgtatagacctatattacaatttcgaatttaaaacaatttacaagttacaaactaaaattaa
gtaacaaaattttgcctaattaccctaacctgccaagttcacctaattaacctaattaggcttttaaatg
tcactttaaggtgtatagaagtgtcttcaaaaatatctagtcaaatattatttactgtcatcatgrcaaa
cagaaaataaatcwgttattagagatgagttattaaaactattatgtttgaaatgtgttgaaaaaaaaat
ctgctctccattaaacgggaattggggaaaaataaacaggggggctaataattctgacttcaactggaaa
ggaatrtatraatatatgtatcagtttacagtatattgatgcccaatttctaggctttattggtrataac
taaactagccagaaagtgatgtgtgaattgttgagtgggcaaaataaaaaataaaaaacctcaatatttt
tagtgagtgtacttgttttctgtttttatttctgccttaataaaaaatataattgtagagcaacccaaga
tctgttgccattaatatttaactttaatgggtagaactgtctgagatatgaagaaaagcatgtgatgcat
catttagataaaaaatgtatttaaaaaatcttgaatggttataaaaatctttataattaattataaaata
attaaaaacgattatcctgaatgatattaatgatatgacctagttccagaagctttttacttctctgttt
atttgtcagattttactgtcggtttcttcttcttctgatctctttatgtgtatgcgtgtttttgatattg
cgatataggtcctaaatttaatacttaatggtcttaaaaaggtcttaataagtcttaaatttgacattat
gatatctgcagaaaccctgaatatagaaaaagaagaatatacttgttctgtcttgacaaatatttctgat
ttcgatattctctgttttttttctgacatccagtcccataatgcttctgtctcctcacctgctttggaca
acgtgaagatgagtgatcctcacaaacaaactgagccacaacagtcagacaaagcaagaagatcagggaa
taagacggtaaccctttcattcaggcaccaggtagcctatctagtgatatttgctgctaagtgaacaggg
cagagtaaccagaacaaggtaagacagaccctttggcaggtttatttaaaatgtaatcttgttctaacta
tataacatcatacaattgtgtcttaaagcaatttatttaaagatgaaaggatagctcaattatgtatttt
cacatgccagatattctggagttaattcatacagtatgaccaatagtacacatacagattttactataaa
agattggttaattactggcaagtgatagttggactgcatagttaatcgtaaaaagatggcgatctcgatt
cgaacccctgaacgtcgatgcgtgaacgacatttaaatgaccatattgcagtttggagttatgtttacta
caagatagggttgtgccgattgacactagtgttgtgtatcgatgatagggagagatatcacagagagctg
aggcctgactattttaaagatgatgtttggttcgtttcacatttatgtagacctattacatgtgttaaat
tcatttttaaataaaagacttattattaatattatcttgttgttgatgttattcttatcagaattaataa
tcaattaactgtaatttgtccagctttagctgtgtccgtcagcattgcctaaccgasactttcagactgc
agcagcaatcatttaaattgaaaattgcctgctcaaaggaaaaaaaatacaatgattttaaaattgcaag
gcgagtattacctatattcacaatttttaccaaaatcagcatgtcaaaaagaatttatttcccattcttt
gcatatcaagttaatatgcaacttcactgttacttaaaaataataggctaaataacaaaacaggatttaa
ttaacaaacaagttataggtgcagtaggtgatctgccaaaatrctaaccggttggcataatatctttgaa
acacagtccctcccctgccatccaaagccacgcctcctaaaacacgaatgctcatcgtaaagatggcagt
ggacaacccactagatcatgtcattcaccatttataaatgtagctagtgtttggccggtggtgtgcagga
attacacttattactaaaccatatttgcatgctatttcacatgaatattcagagtagtggtgaacaatat
aaagagcgcatcacaggctgtcattgttcagaaatgacccaatataaatacaaaagcatcttcagctcag
taaagtaggctaggccgaatagctctatttactgatgttttgttgttaaactaaatataaatctacttta
tcaaygctgtaaaaggaccttatgaaactgaaaatagtcgcatcaatctttcacggggagatttcagtgg
ctgaacaacacttctgtgcagataacccattcataacaacacaatctacatcagctctgtgtgactaaaa
gagtttaacacagaacatgacctgcctaacagaaatacttcagtcatggtattattcttcttccagcgtg
caaaactcactccaatattgattcaggagtttaacaggtttttattcagcatttgattcgcaactgtgac
tgctcgtctgcacataaacgcgcggcgcacatgcacgcatccacacgcaaatggtgaatctgcatgaaga
gatgcccagtggttcaaatctacatttgctgacagtttgaactacttataagaattatgggaattgtcag
cccgacaatatttaattggatgaacatgttttagttttatgccttacccagaatataaaaatacatataa
acacatttagatcattttctttaatctttacttttggactgtgaagagactttcgaccagcacaacaaca
catgattctgaagatgatcacctactgcagctttaaatagacttaaaaaaataaaataaaaccaaaaatg
aaaactttagaactgaaagtggctcagatgttctggaataaatggtgttgcagtaatgcacaattgttgg
tcacctgagactccttttataacagcactctcacaagattatctcttgctttcacaaaaagttttttatc
ttttatttatatttgttactaatagcctattttagttttgcctacgggtaaaggaagcctatggactttt
taaatttgtttttagtgcatatatttactgatttgtcaaatacccagaatatacagggtgtccgcggggg
ttgtgaaaggtagtaaatgaaattagtcaaaattaagggcattaaaaagtattaaaaagtagttaatgtc
atctgacgaggtattacattttcgagctcaagataaatttttagatttttagatacattttcagtttgtg
ttgagtacaggcctttattctaaaatttgcgtggatttatttaaatgttgagagtaggaccggagcgata
tcgtgaggtggtatggtaacttggcaacaaagccgcaacgtcaacacaccagggctcgaaattgtgacta
ttctggttgcatatgcgcccaaaaattaagctatgcaacctcataatatatttgggagcatgtgtgcgac
tgcatataatggttgtagtgcgacctgcttagattttttctaaagatgtgctgaatcgcttttcccggcc
attaaaatggttcatattagctgtcaatcacttaaggctttccgctgtcagatgacagggagcttttgtg
actgcaggaattgcaaacgcctgaagagtgaaaagtacacaggtttgcaaatcccacctaaagttacaaa
taatggcacagatgaccactatcatgtggtgaatgttgatccaccaaccgagatcgagtgttttcggaga
aggtggccgaatctggatgcgttgcattcactgcgtgttcagcrcaaatgtccgctaaatgtaaaatcta
atactgtacacatcatcgccaaagaagcaggccttctaagtttacactgaaactgcagctcataacaaag
aaccgcattgcgctgttggtcatcgcgagaatcctgctctgcctgctcatttattgggtcggctgactcg
cctgctttattccacaaacacagaaaaatgtaaatcagctcataactagtgtgagcatttacaatgacac
aaaccaaaatcaawactttcaaagagtggcagaagtgagactttttttttgagatgtatattctttttct
atttaattactgatgactgtttgcagcttttagccttgaattgaatgatttattataatcttttgtttgt
tttgtagtagaaatattattcattaaattaactcgcatataaaaaaacatatttttgtttgatgtaaact
atacatttattcttcatgaagtaacagtaggactttatatagcagataacccacattcaaggcagcatga
taatcacaaatgtaattctttgttagtattattgtcatcattgattcagcacgattgtctaaccgtgctg
agaacggtktgtaattgtgccgcactgatccaggctcagtggagaaacaaccataaccgtactgaactgt
tcttagaagagcggctattgatattaatgacatgcataacattgattaaaaactatgaacaaaggcccat
tgtgacatctagattaatccctctgctttacttaaatgtatatgttatctgcaatatgttattgcattta
gaaagatttaatttacgccactacagttgcagctctaagtcgtgctggtattacattttttttgaaggca
ttaaaaaaggtagtaaaaggtattaaattcaacttaagaagttctgtatataccctgaaataaatatgtt
tgttttatttgtgtttaattcgatggaatgataaacatggacatgggtgttattcaaaacatgacctatt
tatttttaaatatattatatttatatatttaaaatgttttatttaattgtttaaaccatattacataaat
ttacaactactattttaccatttgttttggctttagttattaaacagattattaataaataatcaaagaa
cattttactgagctcagtcaatagttttgtctgtaggtctagtcaaaagtctaatacaattagagccatg
gctgcaacaagtcggcaacactgtgtctaaaatgaaactctcttatcagaaaacaataaacagaattatt
ccaagcacaacattgtgttagattttagcaaatacaaatgtaascttgttgattatcacttatgtgacta
tgatcagacctgccgcactcaactgaacaaaacatggacaaataaaactctatcacagagaaatagtcat
ccgcgggggtccttctctcatctaaacaggacattaatgcatctttgtttcttatgtgtttatcattgta
ggtgtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtgtatcaccagagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatc
accagtgtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtatgtcaccagtgtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtgtgtatcaccaga
gtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccagtgtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtgtattacc
cgagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccagtgtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtgtatt
acccgagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccagtgtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtgt
gtatcaccagagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccagtgtccccaaaggtgtgtg
tgtgtgtatcaccagagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaaaggt
gtatgtgtgtattacccgagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaaatg
tatgtgtgtatcaccagagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccagtgtccccaaag
gtgtgtgtgtatgtcaccagagtccccaaagtgtatgtgtgtatcaccagagtcctcaaagtgtagctaa
agcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtgtattacccgagtcctcaaagtgtagc
taaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtattacccgagtcctcaaagtgtag
ctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccagtgtccccaaaggtgtgtatgtgtgtatcaccagagtcctcaaag
tgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaaaggtgtatgtgtgtattacccgagtcctca
aagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaaatgtatgtgtgtatcaccagagtcctcaa
agtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtatcaacagagtccccaaa
ggtatgtgtgtatcaccagagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaa
aggtgtgtgtgtatcaactgagtccccaaaggtatgtgtgtatcaccagagtcctcaaagtgtagctaaa
gcagtgtgtgtgtatcaccaaggtccccaaaggtgtgtgtgtatcaactgagtccccaaaggtatgtgtg
tatcaactgagtccccaaagtgtagctaaagcagtgtgtgtgtgtgtatcaacagagtcctcaaatgtgt
gtatttccactgtagtctaaactaaattaattatagacactcctctttcaactaatcatttgtataaaga
ctttcmcagtaattgttttcactgagaaacgtgtcttatggcgcatgtaagtagktagtgtatatgaatt
tgaacttcacaacccttgttttatacagtatgggttttagtgtgaatggatttgagrtgtactatattaa
ccatcatatgacttatcagtagagtttcatcacttctcatatcattggatattaatgtgtccattgagct
tcataaactcactgtaaggtcatccatttacttctcccttactgttttttaaaattagtttgtatgtatt
attctgctaacatgctgtctgtcacatactatttatgagagaaatatgtcatttcatgaacaatacttga
caccaaatgaccttctgacaccagattgagttatttgtgaaggaaaaaatgtaattgtctattttcagtg
atcttatttactttatcatatgtctctctgcactaacattattataattattaataatattatattagaa
atattcagataaccgagtcctgaaagtatactttaacctgagtttgtgtataactgcggtcctcaaagtg
tgactataccggagtttgtgtacatgtccccaaaggtgagttataaaatactgtcctcattttgaaggta
atttgtcaggtctttatagaagtatttttttgcaaatatcaactgatattcataataagcacatttttag
tagtgcagtcatgtctttcttttgtctctagacccttcagaaagggtagtccccaaaggtagggtgttga
gtcatgtgtcctcattggtttgttaggtgggtatgcg
>CryptonV-N6_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
tgtgtgtccttgtattcttgtgggaccaaatgtccccacaagtatagcaataccagtaaattttgacctt
gtggggacttttttggtccccatgagaaaaatggctcataaatcacacagaatgaagtattttgaaaatg
taaaaatgcagattgtttcctgtgagggttgggtttaggggtagggttggggtgagagaatatacagtct
gtacagtataaacatcattagtgtacgtgaagtccccataaagatagctgtacaagtgtgtgtgtgtgtg
ttgtactkgttttggtggtttacaaggacacaaatttgtataatgacatgggtatgacctagttgtactc
tattgaggtggtttatgaggacatgccttgtgtcctcgtaattcaaaaccttaaaaatcatacttaacag
ggtcttttgacattcaaaatttgccacaggtttcctgtgagggttgggtttgggtagggttgtataataa
gcagtttttacagtataaaatacattacgcctatggagagtcctcataaaccacatacaatgtggtatgt
gt
>CryptonV-N7_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
tttgtttttgtgaaaagtggggacattacataggtttccattcattttatactgtccaaaccgtatatta
tattgccctcaccccaccccacccctaaacccaaccatcacaggagactgtgtgcagctttactctctga
ttaaactcattctgtaggatttataagcattttgagaaatgaggacgtcaccaatgtcctcatatttcac
ctcctttttgtaatacctgtgtcatacccatgtcattatacagatttgtgtcctgatatgtcacaaaaac
acgt
>LRS-2_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
gctcaccgggggcgtcggttagacccaggggagagcccaccaagccatgcccggatagagaccactctct
ccggcatgacccgcgcctggaggggggggtagcgcgtccctgggtttcgctgacctgccgtcaagttttc
gataacagacacatatgaaggacttagtgcaatttccgatttcgcggttgatcgaaccaggccccagagg
cattcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgttactgccctggttcag
ccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcattcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggt
gcgcgtwactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcg
ttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgtaactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaat
caaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgtaactgccctggttcagccaa
agacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgc
cctactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcg
aacccgggggagctaggtgcgccctactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaa
gaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgtaactgccctggttcagccaaagac
ccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgtaa
ctgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacc
cgggggagctaggtgcgcgtaactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaag
ccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgctactgccctggttcagccaaagacccag
gcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgtaactgc
cctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccggg
ggagctaggtgcgcgtaactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagcccc
agtagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgttactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcct
caaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgtaactgccctg
gttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggag
ctaggtgcgcgctactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaaggcaatcaaagaagccccagga
gatgcgttcgaacccgggggagctaggtgcgcgtaactgccctggttcagccaaagacccaggcctcaaa
ggcaatcaaagaagccccaggagatgcgttcgaacccgggggagcta
>LRS_DR	CryptonV	Danio rerio
gagaaagtaaaaaaaaaatcattttgaaaacgaaatgcattgattttatttttttgctgtttgaaacaac
taacactcatttgggggatggtgggtctctagcggggggggtctttggaacgaccgctggcaaacgctat
ggatgagctcaccgggggcgttggttggaccagggggagagcccaccaagccatgcccggatagagacca
ctctctccggcatgacccgcgcctggagggggggtagcgcgtccctgggtttcgctgacctgccgtcgag
ttttcgataacagactcaaatgaaggacttagtgcaattttcgatttcgcggttgaacgaaccaggggtc
taacgagggccccgttgccccaaaacaagcgttcaaacccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctgg
tccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaac
caaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggacccaggcctcaatggccagcaaagctaacccaaaac
aagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttgg
ccagcaaagctaacccaaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtcct
tccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaa
tgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcg
ttcaaatccgggcaaaccaagtgggcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggacccaggcctcaatggccag
caaagctaccccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaa
ggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccacccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatg
cgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggacccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgtt
caaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggacccaggcctcattggccagca
aagctaaccccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaag
gatccaggcctcattggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaagtgcgca
ctgctgccctggtccttccaaggacccaggcctcaatggccagcaaagctaccccaaaacaagcgttcaa
atccgggcaaaccaagtgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagc
taacccaaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatc
caggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgct
gccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaaacaagcgttcaaatccg
ggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacc
cccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccagg
cctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgggcactgctgccc
tggtccttccaaggacccaggcctcattggccagcaaagctaccccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggca
aaccaagtgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaa
aacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctct
tggccagcaaagctaacccaaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggt
ccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaacca
aatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaaacaa
gcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcattggc
cagcaaagctaccccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaagtgcgcgctgctgccctggtccttc
caaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgc
gcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttgccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgttca
aatccgggcaaggccagtggtctgaacaccatgggagtcagggttccatggcaggccaccgcgcgcaaag
gcctatgtgggtcaccaacggtaagcgatgggtcagaaagagccaggggggggtctttggtgatcagtgc
ttgcccgggataagtgagggtgtattgggcagagagcgcgtgacatgaagcctcggaggccaatggttca
ccagcggcaccatttacgcaccagctgagactaagtgcgctcaccgggggcgttcgttggaccaggggga
gagctcaccaagccatgcccggaaagagaccactctctccggcatgacccgcgcctggagggggtggtag
cgcgtccctggtttcgctgacctgccgtcgagttttcgataacagactcaaatgaaggacttagtgcaat
tttcgatttcgcggttgaagaaccaggggtctaacgagggccccgttgccccaaaacaagcgttcaaacc
cgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaa
cccaaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccag
gcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgc
cctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggc
aaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaa
aacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggatccaggcctct
tggccagcaaagctaccccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaaatgcgcactgctgccctggtc
cttccaaggatccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagcgttcaaatccgggcaaaccaa
atgcgcactgctgccctggtccttccaaggacccaggcctcttggccagcaaagctaacccaaaacaagc
gttcaaacccgggcaaggccagtgggctgaacaccatgggagttagggggtccacgggagtcaagggtcc
atgtctgagctgctaacccgtctcccagcgtccgtcaccccgcagcaaacataagaccccatcgctgacg
gaggctagaacgacgtgcggctggtgccccatacacgagcccagggccggtggtgacccattcacaaacc
caaagaccgattgggtcaccagcggtacgtcttggccagttgggtcaccagcagcacgtctgtctgatcc
atgcggtttggaggagttagtgtccccgggcttaatagtggggtgcccgggcacggctggtgattaggtg
caaatctagggggtcctttggaaccagcgcttgccgccggagagtgtgtgtacctcgggcagagcgcgca
gggcacaggccccccccaccgctggatctcagaggccccaggccagggagaggggctgggctcgctcccc
aagaagggtgtgtgtacctcgggcagagcgcgcagggcacaggcccccccaccgctggatctcagaggcc
ccagggctgggtcgctccccagaagggtgtgtgtcccgggcagagcgcgcgggcacaggccccccacgct
ggatctcagaggccccaggggtgggtcgctccccagaagggtgtgtgtcccgggcagagcgcgcgggcac
aggccccccacgctggatctcagaggccccaggggctgggtcgctccccagaagggtgtgtgtcccgggc
agagcgcgcgggcacaggccccccacgctggatctcagaggccgaggggctgggctcgctccccaagaag
ggtgtgtgtacctcgggcagagcgcgcagggcacaggcccccccaccgctggatctcagaggccccatca
atggttcaccagcggctccatcaatggttcaccagcggcacatctttacgcatctagcgccaaaggtcca
acaggaatacgttatgcctggcgctcaccggggcgttggttagacccaggcccgagcccaccaaaccatg
cccgacgggagaccacccttcccggcctacttgtcgggacgtcccgcgcctggaggtttttgcccgacac
ccacaatctctgacctgccatcagggtttcggggaaggcgaagaaatatggacttagtctctgacagtcc
agtcgccagaccccacggtgactgatcgataggagctagtgtggcgccccaggggctaggcccccaccca
ggccccccaaagcaccaatggggtcggcctctatgggtgtggcagatcctccccgtcctgggcgctctat
cagggaggcgtgggggtgtccctccgcacacagcgcccccccttcccgccccgatctgtgggtaaaggac
ccagatggcccgtctggctaaatgacccagagcttgtctgctgctcagcccgcccgccagcccgcccccc
tggactccgtttcccccgcgccgatactcggcccgtgcccccgccccacgcccctcgccctgcgagggct
gggggatgttcggtgggttcggtcgagtcacccggcgtggtgaatcgaggccccaggggcagcgtaggga
acgagctggtgtgggcttcgattctacccccgcccgagtgtgtgcgtctgcatcccgtccgtccgcccgc
aacgccgcccaccccctgggtttatccttgctggctcccggctgacccccaccccgcctaccctgctccc
gggggagtgagggtggttggttgggaggggaagctagtggactccggcgaggtgaaacgtgccagggtca
gtggtgccggggttacgggctgtctggacccccctttcgatggttggtgcgtatcccatgttggttgtag
caggtcacaaaagctcccgcggctggcgcgtgtggagctgtcccccccccccccccgatggggctcaaac
aatcaatcccctttttggggtggaaaaagtgaacgtgaatggctgtggaaaagctcccgctggccagaac
agcaaaatgaaggggggatagggagtgaggtgggacaccccttccccaactcgagtcgtgacaagagaga
gaggtgtcgaaccgctgaccggggcaacgatgaaggggcggtggggtgaattgtttaacgggacaccccc
tctggttcctttgaaaaggggggaagggagtgaggtggacacccctctcccccctacttgagaagtcgta
acaaaagaaggcttgaaccgaatggatctccgtagggcatcggcttacacctcctggtgcgggggggtgt
ccttcccctttaagaaatacgggtccaccaacgtcatgacgcggaagtggacgccgcctccggccgctta
ttaaccgccgcacgtggcgtgcgggcccctttccccctctgcattggctctagcacggtcatggctgaat
gtgccctatgcttcaacgtctacagccggcttgcgcctcacctgacggccgttcacaaggtggccaactc
ggacgagaagcggctgctgctcgcgctggccgccggccgcgtggacacgcggaagacaccgtgcccggtc
ccgggctgtcgccggacgccagcccgcctagacaggcacttgaggcagcacgcggagctctcgacctcgg
gaaggaaagaggctatggggagggcgaaacgccggaaagtagctcgggagttgcagtggctgcggtccac
ccagcctgcaatccccgtcgtgtcccagctagcatcgtcctccgagggggagcgggactcggaggaccca
gaggccggccgcccgtgcgccgaccgcggctgcaggcgcgccaccgagcgcatacaggctcagctcacgg
acctggggaaacaggttaccaagatgcggtccaccctgctccaaatcacacgcctctaccgggagctaag
gaagggagaaggggggagaaggaggaggaagagggccaggagaaccaggtcgcctcctgcaccaccgcct
cccgggcgaggggcggccggaggtccgacgccccccgagcctccggaggctttggaacccactgcctacc
cgttcccggaccacgtccccgcgctgagttgagtatatttcaggcacgtcactgtcgctctgctgggtgt
gtggcttcggggaagttgactcttggttgtgctcgttccacagaccttctcttgggggagttcgaagggt
accaactgggcagcgagcccaccccccgcctgcggaacaacgtcacttcgaagctggggagaatcaaagc
cttccttggttacatggccaggggcaccgcggagccaggggacttccttttcctcaaccaaccagcccga
atccgagcgtgggccgcccggctaggtcagacgcgcatggccgagcccaccaggcagcactacctgaaga
acgtggctcagttcctagactacctctcggagacgccgccggccgcctgtcagctctccagcacggctct
ggttctgattcgaagggaggtcagagccctcatccgcggcatacgccggcgtgtcgtcgtgcacgaggta
aggaccaagcaggcgaaggaaagccgactgatccccaaggccagcctggtgcgctgtcaccggaccgctg
ggaggaaaattcccgccctgctaggtaagcaagcccttccgccgttccagcgattccccctgttcgttct
tccggggcaccaacagcccttggttcatccagccacgtctgtctgcccctctcccccgcgaatgggactc
attcggggggaaggggggcagacgacgtggcgtgaaccaaagctgctggtggcccgaagaacattcctct
ccgggccaccagcagctttgttgagctgctggcgccccggagaacaagtcaccagcagccaagagctgtt
ggtgacccagaaaggaaatagaaccgtcggtggtctaatctgtctaatgtccttcaccagatagcctcga
atccaacccaagcactaggcaacagtggcgcttctatggctttctgactggctacctaacctccatctct
gggcaccgctgtggagtcttccagaatctcacaatccaggaggttgaagaggcctccagaagccccgacg
agtctgcttatgtcattaacgtgagtatggcgcaagtaaggtgggggtcaccagtagcatgctctcctca
ctcactcactcactgcttgttctctgatggcagattaccactcacaaaacaaacagagcctttggggcgg
ctcagctgtccctaaacagggaggaatacagctggttccgcaggtttttggcgctgcgggctggtctccc
cggagggagccaggctacctatttctttttcacttccagagccagtccttgtcggaccctgaacaagtac
tttcagtctgcttggctcagtatgggccttccaggcaaacccacctttactgacgtacgcactgcgatcg
cgaccatgtgagtaggcattgtgacgcccctgtaactaccagcggcggcttcatcctaatcaagcttctg
tctctctccgacgcaggcaaagaatgcacactcttcagaggatcgccgcaaggtggcgcaattcatgtgc
catgacacttcaacctcagataagttctacgcacttcacctcggacctctccaagcacgcgagcgccgca
gactctttgaaagggccctggtggaggaggaggaggaggatggggaggcagcgggcactgaaagcccccc
gcggaaagggcgcaagaggacgagacttccgtctctcccctggtaaaaatcacattctctttggcgtgga
cagcagaacgtgtggcattggctaactccctttatgtgtctcttttccaggagggaaccagcaggaggac
gctgccatggcgccctgccagggaaaagccagggcgctcgcccgctcgaacaaacagaagactctgaatg
tcctgaataaatattgtacaacttaacggtcaaatggtgttcagtgtcttcattattccttttatttatt
atctgtgtggtaaaagtaaattcagtggggacaaaaatgagccctgtcttcttagttcaacgctgtatgc
ctgctgcgtccaggtcctgccttggctacgttccgattgggacagattagccctaacttgtgtgttaaaa
gtgtcacgtgggatgccctcgtccaggttctgccttggctacgttccaattgggacaaactatccctgcc
ttggtgttaaaagtgactcgcgggacgcccccgtccaggttcagccttggttgatagctcatagggagaa
tgaatcccttttcagcacaagggggtgatgggctggacaaatctgtccaggtctgcaaatgctttgaacg
cccagaaggccttgagtccaattctgtatattagcaagcttctcccgggacagctcggtccttagagatg
catgaataggtcaggacagggcagctgtggagtggaggttaactttatggaga
>MarCry-1_FO	Mariner/Tc1	Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. lycopersici 4287
taacgtacacgataagcatgtgaaccatccaagcatgtgaaccacttttccctcctacacctaacttttc
acttaatcaattgatttatcaaccaccaagcatgtcagacccaaattacgaagctagaatacttcttgcc
cttcaggcacttcaaactaatcctaaattaagcctccgatgcgctgcagatatatataaagttaatcgca
taaccttaagtcgccgacagaatggtctccaatctcgacgcgattggattccaaaatcacgccgtttatc
aaatctagaggaacagattatagttcagtttattctcgacctagatacgcgaggatttcctccccgactg
cgtgctgttgaagaaatggccaaccgactgctcgctgaccgcgatgcgctacctgtcggcaagcgctggg
ctcataacttcgtcacgcggcataaagagctcaagatgcgcttttttttcgtaaatatgactatcagaga
gccaaatgcgaagatccaactattattcgcgattggtttaggcttgtagcgaatacaattgcgaagtacg
gcattcgatcagatgatatctggaactttgacgagactggcttccttataggcatgattgcaagcggaat
ggttgtcacaggcacagacaggcgtggacgacctaaatcagtgcagcctggaaaccgggaatggattacg
gtcattcaggcgattaatgcggcaggctgggcgatccagccgtttatcatcggtgggggccaatatcacc
tcgccaactggtaccgagaaagtaacctcccagccgattgggctattgcgacaagccaaaatggctggac
cgataacgagataggtcttgagtggctaaagcactttgatcggtgtacaagcaaccgatcagttggttcc
tatcgtcttctgatcctcgatggccatgaaagtcaccactctgtcgattttgagagatattgcgaggaac
ataagattattacactttgtatgccacctcattcgtctcatctactccagcctcttgatgtcgggtactt
taacctgcttaaaaacgcttacggtcgagaaattgagcatttgatcagatgctctataacacatgtttct
aagaccgagttcttcccggccttttatgcagcgcatcaagctactatgaccgaaaaaaatatcaagtcag
cctttagaggagccgggcttgttcctttagacccagaaagtgtggtctcaaagcttgatgtgcagctgcg
gactccaacgcctgctgaagaggtcgctaacccttcaaccccttgggtctcaaagacgccaaagaccgtg
cttgaggctggctctcagtctgaataccttgaacgacgaatcagaagacatcacagtagctctccagagt
cggttattgaagctatgaagtctctagagaagtcaacaaaggaatgtatgcataagattaccttactgac
agccaggctggatgatgttcaagaggcaaataagatactaagccggtgccgaagggcaaaaagaacccga
ctacagaagggaggagtaatgacagtagatgaagcaaggcaggcaattgatcagatggatgttgatgcgc
aggtagttgcagaatcgtcaagaagtagtggtcaaagaaagtcggtcggaccgggggttcggcgctgtgg
agtgtgcggtaagcccggacataatgcaagaacgtgtcaggtagtaattgggatgtctggggaagaatat
agtgagtagttttaattgattaattgatttgttgtgtttttatgatgatatctacctatatggtgtagga
aaagtggttcacatacttggatggttcacatgcttatcgatggtgcccgcaattacgtcgtaattcgctc
cgaccacgtgacgacttatcccccgcaaaaagcggcccgtgaaatcgtgtgcgcggcgcctgataagtgc
atttgataagttccccgcaacttatcaggccccagacaggaaacaaacaccacgtagaaaggccttgatc
gaccgagatggccgcagacgactcgtacacggccgcagacgagcgtgcccgtgccgcccggagggcgggc
cttcaggcgaagaaggacgaacagccggcgaacacggcacggagttatgctgcgaagcagcgggagtgga
aggcgcgttcccccggccgccgccctctcttttcccctttgcccttgtctctttttttttacgtagagtc
ccatgggcggctaacagacgagaacttataggcctggtgccgtacgcctcgggctgcggcagacggctca
ctttatagctggcccgacggcgagctcgtaaccccagacaagctagcagcgtggctcaaagaggatatcc
tcttacgacgcgttgccccgccgcaaaagaaaccacgggcacggggtaagggcaagggcaaaggaaaggc
tgtacagttacggcggcagctcgaacaggagcagctcgaggccgcggccctggcagaggccgaaagccta
gccgaagccctagaggtccccctggccgaggccgccgagctgcttgcggacgaccgcgagggctacgtgc
cacccacggcccttgcgccggctgcagcagaccttgccgaaggatctctgcttacgaggggcactatcga
cgcctatatcgcggccgttatcgagctctggcggctccaggtagcccacggcaacgcaaacacggaaaac
ccccggggcgccgccgtacgaggcttccttgagcaacgcggccggcagcgggggaagcacgaccgcgcct
cctttaaagaccgcgggactgacgggatccaggccggctattcacccgacgaatggctccgggtccagga
tctccttctcagcggggccgcatacatgccgcaaaacctccgtacgcgagttgacctcctattcggccac
tactacctcttacggggggaaaaccgccgtaagatggagcttgcagacctgtctctactcgactatccgt
cttcagaaggcccgaccccctgtggctgcctcgttacccttttgcgagacggtaagctaaacaagacggc
aaagaaagagttcatgggtgccctccggcataaggaccccttgttctgtacgcaaggggccttagcacag
ctcttcttctggcgctggcacgtcgccggcgagccgtccccgtccttccggcgccgccaggactggtatc
ggatcaaggttcttgtcggacgggaccgcgagcaggagctctcgtacccgacgcagctacaagagacctg
gcgtatcttcggtgctgctggccttatggcgtcaaagaagacgcacctcccgcgcagggtaggcgcccag
gacgcggagacccacggcacgtcgctcgcccagatctcgcaggccggccgctggaaccagagcgtgctct
gccaggcctatcttacgcgtctaccgcgccagttcatgcgtattgtcgccggcttctcggcgtcacccgg
ggactacttcctcgcgcgtgcggcccacgagcccccgtacgtcttacaaaagcagctctggccgtggatc
gaggagtgggagcctcgctttgaggctcgcgcgcgccggcaatgctgggcagaaggtggcctcgacgacg
acgacctagccgccgacggcttccttaagcttatgcggcgcctgcgcatagtactgttacaggacctggc
tgtattgcagcctcgctatccgtcgctacccttcttcgcctacgccccttttaacgggcccgaatgggat
gagttcgccgtcgccgttcgctctgacgcggtaggggctacggagccgttaagcctgctcgtacaacgcg
cgctgccagagcttagcggtgtgttagagagcacacgcgaggccgtcttacagaatagccagcggctggc
catccggctagaggcccggctagaaggaattcagggcggcctcgatgccctcctccaaggcaaggtccct
gtcacctttaccggccactttggagccgggccagcagtgtcgctggcgccggcgccggcgccgtcgacag
cccctaccttgaacttcaatacggctccggctccggctccagagcctccagtaccaggtatgcccgtcgt
tgcagccctggccaaggtctttacagtgcgggatgtctggaaggaatgggaggaagggattgcaggtcag
ccggccgtacgggtgctagaagagacgtggggaagccgctggcgcccggggaacgggatcagggtgcagt
tctgtcgccggaaggtgatctgggacgagctcttggcccgcacggcgtccggcaagagcgaggaggaggc
agttgcagagctagagctcttacgcgccggccggagcttgaaccggctcgtcgacgagctcaaacagcgc
cgccggcggggccagggccagggccggatacgggtacaggtagggacccccgtgcccgatgacccaggcc
cgggaccaaggccgactcggggccagggccatcgggggcgctgggctcggctagggaggaggcggaccgc
ccctcgtcgacggtaagctggccgtcaggtaggatctttatatatttatagcggtaactagtccgtatct
atctatctatctagaaggcgtatttttttattaawtcttttttttttttttttttttttttgaatattaa
ggagcagcaggatcagcgcattgctatgtcgtagtccttgcagcgaagcctggccccccagccgctgcac
acgcaaatatctcagcgcccgctcgtctatacagcgtcgctcttgaaccaaacggaccgccagagcgtag
cagtcctccagccctggaattgcatcgatttggctcctaaccgtcgagatattcgcgtgcgcggcgccgg
gcacttatcagatggtagttgtgtaatcacatacgatttcccgaaattactccgcaaaacgaccccacga
taagttctgcttatcatgtacgtta
>CryptonV-1_BTa
cagtcatttaaagtcttgaaatttacagcggtttgatgaatataatttgtttaacaatgttaccttctaa
atactatgaccaacttttaacaataggcgtatcaataacatttattttttcaaaatttgtactccatgta
agccacagtttaattgatcaaaaattagtttgagggtcgaaaaattgcctgatttggaagaagttctgta
aaaatttttacatcaaccagaaaagcacacctacaaacacaattgcagaagtctgcttactttttctcag
attttcaatcaatgtatatattttgtaatgtattctttgaccctcgaaccagttattcagttattggtaa
atcttctatgatatttcttgagtgtaaattggaaaaaatatggataaaataccggggcatctacattcaa
aattttgtcgttttatttgaaaagtaacatatctaataaaatattttcatcaaaactttgcaaatttcaa
agtttaaaataactgagcgaaaaaatgatacgaaatagacgactattcataatttgcgcaggtttacaaa
gatacctagtctatacatttaggtcaatttaaaaaataactctaagcctggttgcggaaataataatgta
ttttcagggctagtacctacttctgcttaatagcaaattgttattctgacgaggtcattcactttacagg
ataatatcacttgaaatatttatgtgcttttcatcagatggtcaggcagtttaatttctatgcaaaaact
caataacatcttctctaatacctctacatttttcccctgtaggtaacagaggttacgaagaaatctcgaa
cttggaatcggactaatgcatgtccatattgcagaccgttcattctcataacaaatttcaccagacacct
caaaaggaatcatgccggagaagatgaagtacttgacttggctcgaattgtcgctgaatctgattcaaaa
gaggacttgaaaattagaaaaaaaagaagaacggagctcactgaaaagttaagactgaaagccaactatg
cttataatgtagctgtaatgaataaagaagtggaaggttcactccttccagttcgacgatcgaattgcac
cgactctgtaatgaatgaagaaaatcatgcaacatgtgcttactgccaaggtctgtttgcaagaaacact
ctgtatcttcatgtgccaatttgtaaaatgaatacctctaaagatttgaatacttcaggtacaaaaagaa
gagtgctaagaacaagtgcaataatgttatcggctgggcctaaggaggcttcgaaggagctgaaagaatt
ggttttccctcgcttacaacacggagaagtatctctcattgctaagtcggaccctcttattgttcagttt
gcctcgcgtatgatcaaaaaacattttgaaaaaggcaagataaattacattaaaaattgtatgcgagatc
tggctagatttttcattgagatgaaaaaaattgattccaatttaaaaaatttagaagcgtgctttcaagt
caagcaatacaacaatgtcatacttactattcagtgcatgtgtggaatcgattacgacacaaataaagtg
tcctctccgagtgttgctgctcgattgaaaggtgctattgcaaagtgtattgatataatctattgtaatg
cactaatggatcaaactgatcacgtggccattaaatctgagctagatcaatttatgcatttactaactac
aaattggcagtatgagatttcaggtcggacaaaccgggcgcaaaagcaaaacaaaatgcataaagaagaa
gtccttcctgatagtcaagatattttggatgcatgcttaaagattgaaaaacacgaagtagatttgtccc
gagaactaatgcgaaatccttgtaacttagtttacaaaaatctaaccaagcttgtcatcgcccacctgat
tattctcggacgcaagcgtcctggagaagtgtgctgtgctgaggtaaaagattttaataatcgcaagagt
gctgacaaggagagcaatgaggagtacatacaagtgttgtctgaagaagaaagaaagagctatgacgctc
tcctttctttccacattatcgggaaaggcactgaacctgtttgtgtgatattaacccgtaaaatggatga
ccttatcagattactaattcgctatcgagaaaaagtaagcatcgaccccgaaaatccattattatttcca
cagccggattcagagttactgtacgatggatctaaatgcatagactacgtaaaggatctatgtaaacttc
gaaaaccagttcatttcaatgctattggtctaaggcatcacatggcaaccaaggtgcagttaatgaataa
aggagagcagttcacagaacaagttgccagacagttgggccatagcgtcaatgtgcacaagaaaaactat
agacttcctctatcagttattcaacgtggcattgtagggcatgagatgctgaaaatgacgggaggtacct
ctgttgcctcagctccgactggtgagtcaaaaacccaagaatctgatcgcattaatcagtgtgatatgaa
cagcgccaatctgaatgagaatgtagaaacttctgaaactgtcaatgtcagtaatgtgtctgcttcaaag
tcagattcagagtctagcgagagtgataatgatattgtgaaaattaaagaaaggtttagaactcgtaagg
aaaaaaccaaaaaagcctctcaggaaaatcaaactctgaatcattctctcccagctgaaacatttacaca
ttattcctctgagtctgaacttagcaatttttctgaagagcttgacgttcaatcaaaaataaagacactg
aaaaaaatgagatctgatactaactctctgagcaaagttaaacgaactccttggactcatgaagagaaaa
aagctgtattccgccacttgtcacattgcataattgctggtagtgcagttcgacagactgacattcttaa
agcgctaaaggaagaagcactgtgtaatcgtactgttgcacaagttaggacttacctaaacaatatcaaa
acacgcaaggttgcatttccagcagaatacttaaacctgtgaaaatccttttgaaaaagtcaatttctga
agcaatcttctattctttataatcgaaatattattatgtgtgctttctctcagttcggaggttacctctt
taaagtgattcatggtgatcaaaccacgtgatttatcaatggttatctactatatacgaatggatttttt
aattttttttggtggataaactggaatcatcaaaacctgtagctgtatctcaagaagatatttgcagaat
tgagacgtttaaatttacataataagagtgttattacagtagagagctctcttgctgcttgatctataat
atcgcactgtgatagtgctctctagcaaaatggattggaacatcccagctttccagatatcttcttcaga
actgttaacagaccccaaccatgctcagttttcagaaaaaaaaaaaaagaaaaaaaaaatctggtgaatt
cccactagttgatcaacctctaagataattaaaattcccttcataagtccctttataaaattccacctac
ataagttgaatgattaaagctttttcacaaagctcttcctttcttagagctaaatataattatctttgat
ttttcacctcttcattaatgtttcatattcttttacgttcaaagtaatttttctcatataatgtagttta
cttttttttgttctgggctggatacttacttagaagactgagaaaaagtttccttgtttacctatttttt
atttgtagtcacttacatatcctgttcatgtttaatttttatctatgttaaaggtttcttcttgtgttta
tttttgagtgttattaataaacagggtgttggaaaagtccccgcctccccacccccctccaactttttga
aagataaaagaaaattctaggagaatgtttctatctgaaagggaaccatcttctcgcgagggaggcggag
ggtcaaacttttgaccttgctctttaggggaggggccccaacctttttgttttggtaattttttccattt
tatttttttctactatagttgtaactggagttatgatatcttatactatatctaacttggtcaagaatca
agttaccaagttgcggttcgagccaaaattcctagtttccaatactactccgtagttattgtttaaaaaa
gaaaaaaaaggttggggactctccacccaagcagggctggggcacttgttaagatttcattttcctcaag
ttttctttttaaaattaatgcttaatgtttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttatatcagggtta
aattatttggtcgttgctgctatttaacatttaaattcctgagttttttttgtctctggtgcaaagtttt
gtgattttcttttgtgtaatgacaagctgggctgtctatgtttgcaacttatctcatctgttactcgcct
tttctcacagagttcagtcattattgtatgtttaagtttatttcacctataataagttttttcctgaact
ttatattttcctactaatgatattaatatttatttctttcattattttactttcctttttattcctaaca
aaattctactctgaaaagttactcaagaaatatgcaaccgtgctagattggaggcctttagtaaggtttc
ttttccctcaagttttgttattaaaactcatgcttaagttcttttcttttttttgtaattttaatcaggg
ttaaattattcggttgtctctgctatttgacatttaaactcttgagctttttctatctctggcacaaagt
tttgtgcgtttattttgtttaataactttgtgcttttattttgtttaataacaagctgtctatgtttgca
atttatctcatttatgttacttaccttttctcactaagttaagttattattgtatgtttaagctcgtttt
acctttaaaaagtg
